1
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
FIFA WORLD CUP 2026™
CANADA • USA • MEXICO
FINAL DRAW STAT KIT
5TH DECEMBER 2025
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING 
ARTS, WASHINGTON DC
2
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
INTRODUCTION
THE DRAW
DRAW PROCEDURES
OFFICIAL MATCH BALL
OFFICIAL MASCOT
MATCH SCHEDULE
STADIUMS
TEAM FACTS
TEAM PROFILES
3
4–7
8–12
13
14
15
16–23
24–34
35–185
186–190
191–192
193–207
QUALIFYING
COMPETITION FACTS
PREVIOUS FWC MATCHES IN MEX/USA
CONTENTS
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Cabo Verde
Canada
Colombia
Côte d’Ivoire
Croatia
Curaçao
Ecuador
Egypt
Interactive PDF
This is an interactive PDF. Click on the header to come back to the content page and click on the 
titles to navigate through the pages.
England
France
Germany
Ghana
Haiti
IR Iran
Japan
Jordan
Korea Republic
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Paraguay
Portugal
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
South Africa
Spain
Switzerland
Tunisia
Uruguay
USA
Uzbekistan
3
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
On Friday, 5 December 2025, the world will discover the 
group-stage matches to be contested at the FIFA World 
Cup 26™, with all eyes set to converge on the Kennedy
Center in Washington DC for the final draw. 
As announced by the President of the United States 
and Chairman of the Kennedy Center, Donald J. Trump, 
and FIFA President Gianni Infantino at the White 
House, the Kennedy Center will serve as the location 
for team officials, ambassadors, fans representing 
the tournament’s Host Cities and global media 
representatives, amongst others, to unite, as one of the 
major milestones on the path to the biggest and most 
engaging FIFA World Cup™ ever is held.
The Kennedy Center is America’s national cultural centre 
and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, 
attracting millions of visitors each year to more than 
2,000 performances, events and exhibits. In December, 
the iconic FIFA World Cup Trophy will shine brightly at 
the venue as the world’s best national teams discover 
their next steps on the path to lifting the coveted crown 
at New York New Jersey Stadium on Sunday, 19 July next 
year. 
FIFA President Gianni Infantino said: “We are excited to 
host the most anticipated Final Draw for the FIFA World 
Cup in history in the cultural and entertainment heart of 
The FIFA World Cup 26™ Final Draw will take place at the John F. Kennedy Center for the 
Performing Arts in Washington DC on 5 December.
the United States, the Kennedy Center in Washington 
DC. The draw is a major tournament milestone and one 
that will continue the remarkable build-up to the biggest 
sporting event ever, as we get set for many landmark FIFA 
events across North America throughout 2026. We look 
forward to welcoming the team delegations, our partners, 
global media, and, uniquely, fans representing each of 
the 16 wonderful Host Cities, to the capital of the United 
States for this significant occasion.” 
The draw will commence at 12:00 local time (18:00CET) 
and will be beamed to the three host countries and 
around the globe by FIFA’s Media Partners. The teams 
representing the host countries will be assigned to 
positions A1 (Mexico), B1 (Canada) and D1 (USA), as per 
the match schedule released last year. 
As well as the Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 26 
being staged in the US capital in December, the FIFA 
play-off tournament – a new event that will see six 
nations from five of the six confederations (with UEFA 
to hold a separate play-off competition for the final four 
European spots) compete for two places at the global 
extravaganza – will be hosted in North America in March 
next year. Then, on 30 April, the 76th FIFA Congress will 
take place in Vancouver, Canada, as the countdown to 
the eagerly anticipated kick-off at the Estadio Azteca 
Mexico City on 11 June continues. 
INTRODUCTION
4
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
The Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 2026™ will transform Washington DC into the epicentre of global sport on
Friday, 5 December 2025, when the eyes of the world turn to the iconic John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts. Blending sport, entertainment and spectacle like never before, the show will reveal the group-stage matchups 
for the first-ever 48-team FIFA World Cup™, marking the beginning of a new era for the world’s game
FIFA has announced the exceptional assembly of sporting legends and world-class conductors who will lead fans 
through this exciting event. FIFA Legend and former England captain Rio Ferdinand, one of the most celebrated 
defenders of his generation, will conduct the draw, assisted by award-winning international broadcaster Samantha 
Johnson. Together, they will guide audiences through a truly unprecedented draw, as per the official procedures.
“To conduct this historic draw is an unbelievable honour,” said Ferdinand. “As a player, I lived for these global stages 
– now I’m humbled to play a different, special role together with an incredible line-up to reveal the 12 groups of four 
teams that the whole world is waiting for.”
Joining them on stage will be an extraordinary cast of cross-sport icons from American football, basketball, baseball 
and ice hockey, making this final draw – once again – unlike any before. Seven-time National Football League (NFL) 
Super Bowl champion Tom Brady, National Hockey League (NHL) Hall of Famer and four-time Stanley Cup champion 
Wayne Gretzky, seven-time Major League Baseball (MLB) All-Star Aaron Judge of the New York Yankees and fourtime National Basketball Association (NBA) championship winner and Hall of Famer Shaquille O’Neal will serve as 
draw assistants – bridging the worlds of global football and North America’s most celebrated sports.
across the world. This will be an unforgettable moment for me personally.”
Tom Brady, Wayne Gretzky, Aaron Judge and Shaquille O’Neal will all be on stage, with 
former England captain Rio Ferdinand set to conduct the draw.
THE DRAW
5
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
“Being part of the Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup is an incredible honour – it’s the kind of global stage every 
athlete dreams of,“ said Brady. “I’m excited to help set the path for a tournament that brings the world together like 
nothing else.”
“Soccer has a unique power to unite people from all over the world and create a positive impact, and I cannot wait 
to see this happening in North America next year and beyond, when we host the biggest-ever FIFA World Cup,” said 
Gretzky. “I’m thrilled to be part of the draw that will decide the fate of the participating teams – and stir emotions 
across the world. This will be an unforgettable moment for me personally.”
“I follow soccer closely, so being part of the World Cup draw is incredibly special,” reflected Judge. “With the final
set for New York New Jersey – right where I play – I can’t wait to see which teams will be battling for the title in our 
own backyard.”
To round off the star-studded line-up of sporting icons at the final draw, two-time NFL Super Bowl champion Eli 
Manning is set to bring his trademark charisma to the event as its red carpet host.
The final draw will be broadcast live on FIFA.com and by FIFA’s media partners around the world from 12:00 ET (18:00 
CET). In addition to the draw conductors and assistants, a star-studded entertainment line-up has been announced 
for the final draw show.
THE DRAW
6
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
FIFA have unveiled the world-class entertainment line-up for the show to be held for the Final Draw for the FIFA World 
Cup 2026™, which is set to take place at the historic John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington
DC at 12:00 ET (18:00 CET) on Friday, 5 December 2025. With millions of viewers expected around the globe, the 
show will bring together some of the most recognisable names in entertainment as football’s biggest stage prepares 
for a landmark moment.
The show will be co-hosted by supermodel, producer and Emmy-winning television personality Heidi Klum; Kevin 
Hart, one of the most successful comedians and actors of his generation; and actor and producer Danny Ramirez, 
who will bring warmth and Hollywood flair to this highly anticipated event on the road to 2026.
“To be hosting the final draw again, after having been involved in this show 20 years ago in my home country, is truly 
extraordinary,” said Klum, who is returning to the Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup™ stage, having previously taken
part in the event ahead of the 2006 tournament in Germany. “The World Cup brings the world together like nothing 
else, and being part of that magic again, on an even bigger stage involving three host countries and 48 teams, is an 
incredible honour.”
“As someone who grew up playing football, getting to co-host the draw and meet and speak with World Cup legends 
at such a high-profile event is a dream,” said Ramirez. “With this tournament coming to the United States, where I was 
born, and Mexico, where some of my roots lie, it is even more special – and I couldn’t be more excited to be part of 
this show.”
Heidi Klum, Kevin Hart and Danny Ramirez will co-host, with Andrea Bocelli, Robbie 
Williams, Nicole Scherzinger and the Village People all performing live.
THE DRAW
7
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
The audience will be treated to some remarkable live performances. Maestro Andrea Bocelli, one of the most 
acclaimed classical voices in history, will take the stage alongside global superstar Robbie Williams, who will perform 
with American singer and award-winning multi-hyphenate Nicole Scherzinger.
Once the draw has concluded, Village People will treat the audience to an iconic performance of Y.M.C.A., their global 
anthem.
While today’s announcement reveals the entertainment cast for the final draw show, the names of the draw 
conductors and assistants who will oversee the official draw proceedings will be unveiled in due course.
Live coverage of the Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 2026 will be available on FIFA.com and the FIFA World Cup 
social media channels. The draw will also be broadcast by FIFA’s Media Partners across the globe.
FIFA will unveil the updated match schedule for the FIFA World Cup 2026™ in a live global broadcast on Saturday,
6 December at 12:00 EST (18:00 CET), from Washington, DC. The unveiling will take place 24 hours after the world 
learns of the 12 unprecedented groups of four at the tournament’s highly anticipated Final Draw.
During the live broadcast, the venues and kick-off times for all 104 matches will be confirmed. The broadcast will 
be carried live across FIFA platforms, including FIFA.com and FIFA’s YouTube channel, ensuring that fans across the 
globe can follow the announcements in real time. A live broadcast feed will also be made available to broadcasters 
worldwide.
THE DRAW
8
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
The information below sets out the procedures for the draw.
The following draw principles have been established to ensure a competitive balance – both in the group stage and, 
depending on sporting results, into the knockout stage – while retaining, insofar as possible, the random element 
inherent in tournament draws. The information below sets out the procedures for the draw.
1. SLOT ALLOCATION
The final slot allocation per confederation is as follows:
DRAW PROCEDURES
The Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 2026™ will determine how the hosts – Canada, 
Mexico and the USA – the 39 qualified teams, two FIFA World Cup 2026™ Play-Off 
Tournament placeholders and four European play-off placeholders will be divided into 
12 groups of four teams each for the final competition.
CONFEDERATION NUMBER OF TEAMS QUALIFIED TEAM(S)
AFC 8 Australia, IR Iran, Japan, Jordan, Korea Republic, Qatar, Saudi 
Arabia, Uzbekistan
CAF 9 Algeria, Cabo Verde, Côte d’Ivoire, Egypt, Ghana, Morocco, 
Senegal, South Africa, Tunisia
Concacaf 6* *Canada, Mexico, USA as hosts Curaçao, Haiti, Panama
CONMEBOL 6 Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Uruguay
OFC 1 New Zealand
UEFA 16
Austria, Belgium, Croatia, England, France, Germany, Netherlands, 
Norway, Portugal, Scotland, Spain, Switzerland
4 teams TBC
Winners of the
FIFA World Cup 
2026
Play-Off Tournament
2
Qualified for the play-off tournament:
Iraq (AFC), Congo DR (CAF), Jamaica (Concacaf), Suriname 
(Concacaf), Bolivia (CONMEBOL), New Caledonia (OFC)
9
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
DRAW PROCEDURES
POT 1 POT 2 POT 3 POT 4
Canada Croatia Norway Jordan
Mexico Morocco Panama Cabo Verde
USA Colombia Egypt Ghana
Spain Uruguay Algeria Curaçao
Argentina Switzerland Scotland Haiti
France Japan Paraguay New Zealand
England Senegal Tunisia UEFA Play-Off A
(ITA/NIR/WAL/BIH)
Brazil IR Iran Côte d’Ivoire UEFA Play-Off B
(UKR/SWE/POL/ALB)
Portugal Korea Republic Uzbekistan UEFA Play-Off C
(TUR/ROU/SVK/KOS)
Netherlands Ecuador Qatar UEFA Play-Off D
(DEN/MKD/CZE/IRL)
Belgium Austria Saudi Arabia FIFA Play-Off 1
(NCL/JAM/COD)
Germany Australia South Africa FIFA Play-Off 2
(BOL/SUR/IRQ)
2. SEEDING AND POT ALLOCATION
The hosts – Canada, Mexico and the USA – will be allocated to pot 1, and the 39 qualified teams will be allocated 
to the pots according to the FIFA/Coca-Cola Men’s World Ranking issued on 19 November 2025. Lastly, the two 
FIFA World Cup 2026 Play-off Tournament placeholders as well as the four European play-off placeholders will be 
allocated to pot 4.
Based on the ranking, the top nine teams will be allocated to pot 1, along with the hosts, Canada, Mexico and the USA. 
The next 12 highest-ranked teams will be allocated to pot 2, followed by the next 12 highest-ranked teams in pot 3. Pot 
4 will include the next six highest-ranked teams along with the six placeholders for the FIFA and European play-offs 
scheduled to be played during the 23-31 March 2026 International Match Window.
10
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
DRAW PROCEDURES
3. DRAW CONSTRAINTS
FIFA’s general principle, whenever possible, is to ensure that no group has more than one team from the same 
confederation drawn into it. This is applicable to all confederations except UEFA, which is represented by 16 teams.
Each group must have at least one, but no more than two UEFA teams drawn into it. Thus, four out of the 12 groups 
will contain two of the 16 UEFA teams (including the four play-off placeholders).
In addition, the following constraints have been established:
Pot 1:
• In pot 1, Canada, Mexico and the USA, as the host countries, will be identified by different coloured balls and, 
when drawn, will be assigned to position A1 for Mexico (green ball), B1 for Canada (red ball) and D1 for the USA 
(blue ball), as already established per the match schedule released on 4 February 2024.
• The remaining nine top-ranked teams in pot 1 will be identified by nine balls of the same colour (white) and will be 
automatically allocated to position 1 of the group into which they are drawn.
• In the interest of ensuring competitive balance, two separate pathways to the semi-finals have been established, 
as per Appendix A below. In accordance with this and in order to have a balanced distribution of the teams, the 
four highest-ranked teams in the FIFA/Coca-Cola Men’s World Ranking, when drawn, will have the following 
constraints. The highest-ranked team and the second highest-ranked team will be randomly drawn into groups in 
opposite pathways, and the same principle will also apply to the third and fourth highest-ranked teams. This will 
ensure that, should they win their groups, the two highest-ranked teams would not meet before the final.
Pots 2 to 4:
• For pots 2, 3 and 4, a predetermined pattern has been established to define the group position that teams are 
drawn into, depending on which pot they come from (Appendix B).
Pot 4:
• Pot 4 includes the two placeholders for the FIFA World Cup 2026 Play-Off Tournament winners and four 
placeholders for the European play-off winners.
• The FIFA World Cup 2026 Play-Off Tournament will consist of two pathways in order to determine the winners 
of the two remaining slots at the FIFA World Cup 2026. Both pathways will include three teams, with only one 
seeded team per pathway. Each pathway will be composed of teams from three different confederations, with no 
pathway having
• more than one team from the same confederation. In order to comply with FIFA’s general principle to ensure that 
no group has more than one team from the same confederation drawn into it, the Confederation constraint will 
be applied to all three teams within each pathway of the two Play-Off Tournament placeholders in pot 4.
11
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
4. DRAW PROCEDURES
1. The four pots representing the teams will be labelled 1 to 4. In each pot, there will be 12 balls with the country 
name of each qualified team.
2. The draw will start by drawing the three host country teams, with the green ball representing Mexico to be drawn 
first. Mexico will be placed in Group A as team A1. Next, the red ball representing Canada will be drawn and placed 
in Group B as team B1. The blue ball representing the USA will then be drawn and placed in Group D as team D1.
3. Following the drawing of the three host country teams, the draw will continue by drawing all of the remaining nine 
teams from pot 1.
4. After all of the teams from pot 1 have been drawn into their respective groups, the draw will continue by drawing 
all of the teams from pots 2, 3 and 4, in that order, with each pot being emptied before moving on to the next one.
5. The draw will conclude once all teams from pot 4 have been drawn into a group.
5. PLAY-OFFS
FIFA World Cup 2026™ Play-Off Tournamen
European play-offs
DRAW PROCEDURES
Play-off pathway Match 1 Play-off final 1
Play-off pathway 1
New Caledonia
(Play-off Team 1) Congo DR (team seeded first)
v. 
Winner of Match 1 Jamaica
(Play-off Team 2)
Play-off pathway Match 2 Play-off final 2
Play-off pathway 2
Bolivia
(Play-off Team 3) Iraq (team seeded second)
v. 
Winner of Match 2 Suriname
(Play-off Team 4)
Play-off pathway A
Play-off semi-final 1
Italy v. Northern Ireland Play-off final A
Play-off semi-final 2 Winner SF 2 v. Winner SF 1
Wales v. Bosnia and Herzegovina
Play-off pathway B
Play-off semi-final 3
Ukraine v. Sweden Play-off final B
Play-off semi-final 4 Winner SF 3 v. Winner SF 4
Poland v. Albania
Play-off pathway C
Play-off semi-final 5
Türkiye v. Romania Play-off final C
Play-off semi-final 6 Winner SF 6 v. Winner SF 5
Slovakia v. Kosovo
Play-off pathway D
Play-off semi-final 7
Denmark v. North Macedonia Play-off final D
Play-off semi-final 8 Winner SF 8 v. Winner SF 7
Czechia v. Republic of Ireland
n FIFAWORLD CUP
2026

FNALDRAW DRAW PROCEDURES

FIFA World Cup 2026™ | Final Draw Stat Kit

Appendix A

M74a
1E v 3ABCDF

mM77
1 v 3COFGH

Mioa
FINAL

Appendix B

Group Position

Legend
Pot
Pot
Pot
Pot

12

13
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
OFFICIAL MATCH BALL
The adidas TRIONDA was unveiled as the Official Match Ball for FIFA World Cup 26 on 2 October 2025. The name can 
be translated from Spanish as “three waves”, and the ball’s vibrant design features a red, green and blue colour scheme 
that pays homage to the three host countries, while a brand-new four-panel construction with fluid geometry replicates 
the waves referenced in the ball’s name.
Iconography that represents each host country adorns the ball, with the maple leaf for Canada, an eagle for Mexico 
and a star for the United States, while gold embellishments pay tribute to the FIFA World Cup Trophy, underlining the 
significance of the stage provided by FIFA’s flagship tournament.
TRIONDA boasts several key performance innovations. The four-panel construction incorporates intentionally deep 
seams, creating a surface that produces optimal in-flight stability by ensuring sufficient and evenly distributed drag as 
the ball travels through the air. Additionally, embossed icons that are only visible up-close elevate grip when striking or 
dribbling the ball in wet or humid conditions.
The FIFA World Cup 26’s Official Match Ball: TRIONDA The ball’s vibrant design features a 
red, green and blue colour scheme that pays homage to the three host countries.
14
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
OFFICIAL MASCOT
Maple™ the Moose (Canada), Zayu™ the Jaguar (Mexico) and Clutch™ the Bald Eagle (United States) have be
thoughtfully developed to reflect the vibrant culture, heritage and spirit of their respective countries, coming together to 
symbolise unity, diversity and the shared passion for the beautiful game.
Maple™ the Moose
Maple the Moose was born to roam, journeying across 
all of Canada’s provinces and territories while connecting 
with people and embracing the country’s rich culture. 
A street style-loving artist, music enthusiast and dedicated 
goalkeeper, Maple found purpose through creativity, 
resilience and unapologetic individuality. With a knack 
for making legendary saves and a heart full of strength 
and leadership, Maple combines endless stories and 
unstoppable flair.
The three official mascots, each highlighting one of the host nations, were unveiled in 
September 2025.
CANADA
MEXICO
USA
Mexico - Zayu™ the Jaguar
Zayu the Jaguar, from the jungles of southern Mexico, 
embodies the rich heritage and vibrant spirit of the 
country. With a name inspired by unity, strength and joy, 
Zayu transforms on the pitch as a striker, showcasing 
exceptional ingenuity and agility that intimidates 
defenders. Off the pitch, Zayu embraces Mexican culture 
through dance, food and tradition, uniting people across 
borders with passion and pride. More than an athlete, 
Zayu is a symbol of cultural celebration and connection, 
carrying the heart of Mexico with pride.
USA - Clutch™ the Bald Eagle
Clutch the Bald Eagle possesses an unquenchable 
thirst for adventure, soaring across the United States 
and embracing every culture, game and moment with 
boundless curiosity and optimism. Fearless on the pitch 
and uplifting off it, Clutch leads by action — rallying 
teammates, lifting spirits and turning every challenge into 
an opportunity to rise higher. A social spark and sports 
fanatic, Clutch, like all great midfielders, unites people 
wherever they go, proving that true flight is about purpose, 
passion and play.
&3 AL DRAW MATCH SCHEDULE

FIFA World Cup 2026™ | Draw Stat Kit

MATCH
schEniL [ 4

Thursday
2July

WESTERN REGION

(]
>
<
o
-
(']
w
3

QATAR | 'VISA

Dovanen | verizon

16
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Toronto Stadium
Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Opened: 2007
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches
and a Round of 32 tie
Toronto Stadium was purpose-built as Canada hosted 
the FIFA U-20 World Cup 2007™ and staged the final
where Argentina emerged triumphant, with Sergio 
Aguero claiming the Golden Ball and Golden Boot.
The venue, which has an English Premier League-style 
roof canopy and steep stands on either end of the 
ground, played host to the climax of Canada’s campaign 
to reach the FIFA World Cup 2022™, when their ticket to
Qatar was secured with victory over Jamaica.
That success ended Canada’s 36-year absence from the 
global showpiece, and extended their impressive record 
of having never lost a competitive match at Toronto 
Stadium, which will be welcoming FIFA tournaments back 
to the city having also hosted the FIFA U-20 Women’s 
World Cup™ in 2014
BC Place Vancouver
Location: Vancouver, British Colombia, Canada
Opened: 1983
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie and a Round of 16 contest
Now into its fifth decade of existence, BC Place 
Vancouver remains a jaw-dropping piece of architecture 
situated on the banks of the False Creek inlet.
The area - which has recently undergone renovations – is 
the home of MLS team Vancouver Whitecaps and the 
Canadian Football League’s (CFL) BC Lions, and has also 
occasionally hosted the Canada national team.
One of the most memorable matches at BC Place 
Vancouver came when the venue hosted the final of the 
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2015™, where USA defeated
defending champions Japan 5-2, thanks in no small part 
to a three-goal haul from Carli Lloyd inside the opening 15 
minutes.
The FIFA World Cup 26™ will take place over three countries for the very first time, 
with Canada, Mexico and the USA set to share hosting duties in a ground-breaking 
edition of sport’s greatest event. A total of 16 stadiums have been chosen to host the 
games, the most since Korea/Japan 2002, with some truly spectacular venues set to 
showcase the best in the beautiful game.
CANADA
STADIUMS
17
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Estadio Azteca Mexico City
Location: Mexico City, Mexico
Opened: 1966
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Three group-stage
matches, a Round of 32 tie and a Round of 16 contest
A true coliseum of world football and the first to host 
a third FIFA World Cup™, Estadio Azteca Mexico City -
which welcomed the likes of Pele and Diego Maradona 
across two pulsating World Cup finals in 1970 and 1986 - 
will once again take centre stage.
The arena’s day job is to host both Club America and 
Cruz Azul of Liga MX as well as the Mexico national team, 
while Pumas, Atlante, Atletico Espanyol and Necaxa have 
all previously played their football here.
Estadio Azteca Mexico City was the venue for the final of 
the FIFA U-17 World Cup™ in 2011, when a capacity crowd
of 98,943 set the record for the number of supporters 
at any game in the history of the prestigious youth 
tournament.
Estadio Guadalajara
Location: Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico
Opened: 2010
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Four group-stage matche
Built on raised ground and with a spherical, coliseum-like 
design, Estadio Guadalajara is certainly one of the more 
eye-catching venues set to hold matches at the FIFA 
World Cup in 2026.
Inaugurated in 2010, the stadium is home during the 
regular season to C.D. Guadalajara, who have enjoyed 
their fair share of success there. The men’s team secured 
their historic double title campaign, league and cup of 
the Clausura 2017 tournament, and the 2018 Concacaf 
Champions League victory, while the two titles of the 
women’s team in 2017 and 2022 add to the trophy haul.
Estadio Guadalajara was one of the main venues for 
the FIFA U-17 World Cup in 2011 and hosted the PanAmerican Games the same year.
MEXICO
STADIUMS
18
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Estadio Monterrey
Location: Guadalupe, Nuevo Leon, Mexico
Opened: 2015
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Three group-stage matches
and a Round of 32 tie
Mexican side Monterrey play their football in this 
modern-day marvel, which is equipped with compact 
energy solutions and low voltage equipment. The ground 
was the first in the Americas to earn a silver certification 
from the Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design 
(LEED) following its unveiling in 2015.
As well as being the home of Monterrey throughout the 
Liga MX season, the venue also hosted eight games at 
the 2022 Concacaf W Championship, including USA’s 1-0 
final victory over Canada. Coldplay, Bad Bunny and Justin 
Bieber have performed at the ground in its opening 
decade.
Atlanta Stadium
Location: Atlanta, Georgia, USA
Opened: 2017
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie, a Round of 16 clash and
a semi-final
Atlanta Stadium was designed with supporters in mind 
and delivers an award-winning fan experience. Standing 
at over 300 feet high, it features a one-of-a-kind 
retractable roof, first-of-its-kind 360-degree halo video 
display and has been lauded as the most sustainable 
stadium in the world.
The stadium is home to Atlanta United of Major League 
Soccer (MLS) and the National Football League’s (NFL) 
Atlanta Falcons. Since opening in 2017, the stadium 
has hosted the biggest events in the United States, 
including the MLS All-Star Game, College Football 
Play-off National Championship Game, Super Bowl LIII, 
numerous international friendlies, and concerts from 
global superstars.
The Atlanta venue played host to five FIFA Club World 
Cup 2025 matches, including three Group Stage fixtures, 
two Round of 16 games, and the thrilling quarter-final 
showdown between Paris Saint-Germain and FC Bayern 
München.
MEXICO USA
STADIUMS
19
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Boston Stadium
Location: Foxborough, Massachusetts, USA
Opened: 2002
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie and a quarter-final
Boston Stadium, home to MLS side New England 
Revolution and NFL outfit New England Patriots, is 
currently undergoing a major renovation project ahead of 
the 2026 tournament.
Once complete, the ground will boast the largest outdoor 
high-definition stadium video board in the country 
(measuring 22,000 square feet), 50,000-square feet 
of glass-enclosed hospitality and function spaces, 
360-degree connectivity between all levels of the 
concourses and more.
Boston Stadium has hosted numerous soccer fixtures 
over the years, including the FIFA Women’s World Cup 
2003™, Copa America Centenario, Concacaf Gold Cup
and International Champions Cup, and is a regular 
concert venue for major artists.
Dallas Stadium
Location: Arlington, Texas, USA
Opened: 2009
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
two Round of 32 ties, a Round of 16 contest and a semifinal
Dallas Stadium is a jaw-dropping example of stadium 
architecture, providing a ‘once-in-a-lifetime’ visitor 
experience for both sport and music events, while 
boasting several pieces of incredible artwork and 25,000 
square feet of video displays inside.
Since opening in 2009, the venue has been the home of 
five-time Super Bowl winners the Dallas Cowboys, and 
has also hosted the Concacaf Gold Cup and Mexico 
national team matches down the years.
Other major events at Dallas Stadium include Super 
Bowl XLV, the 2015 College Football Playoff National 
Championship game, the 2018 NFL Draft, Big 12 
Championship games, Cotton Bowl Classic, NCAA Men’s 
Final Four, AMA Supercross Championship and multiple 
world championship boxing matches.
USA
STADIUMS
20
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Houston Stadium
Location: Houston, Texas, USA
Opened: 2002
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie and a Round of 16 contest
A host of the MLS All-Star game, national team fixtures of 
both the USA and Mexico, as well as three games at the 
Copa America Centenario in 2016, Houston Stadium has 
plenty of football pedigree and will surely gather more 
ahead of 2026.
Opened in 2002, the ground, which is also home to the 
famous Houston Rodeo, has a retractable roof and is 
famed for its ‘Bull Pen’ section, which houses the loudest 
section of NFL side Houston Texans’ home support.
Kansas City Stadium
Location: Kansas City, Missouri, USA
Opened: 1972
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Four group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie and a quarter-final
Kansas City Stadium is certified by Guinness World 
Records as the loudest outdoor sports venue in the 
world and has hosted a record five consecutive NFL 
Conference Championships.
The arena, which is the home of the NFL Kansas City 
Chiefs, reached a record-breaking decibel level of 142.2 
when the Chiefs took on the New England Patriots in 
2014.
Known as the soccer capital of America, Kansas City is 
home to two-time MLS champions Sporting KC and 2022 
National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL) finalists KC 
Current and is a bi-state metropolitan area that straddles 
the state line between Missouri and Kansas.
USA
STADIUMS
21
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Los Angeles Stadium
Location: Inglewood, California, USA
Opened: 2020
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
two Round of 32 ties and a quarter-final
Los Angeles Stadium is the newest venue chosen to host 
FIFA World Cup 26, having opened in September 2020. 
It is situated just a 30-minute drive from Pasadena’s 
famous Rose Bowl Stadium, which hosted the World Cup 
final of 1994.
Both the Los Angeles Rams and Los Angeles Chargers 
play their NFL fixtures at the venue, which also hosted 
Super Bowl LVI as the Rams defeated the Cincinnati 
Bengals 23-20 in 2022.
Los Angeles Stadium has already hosted a number of 
concerts under its iconic and unique roof, with Taylor 
Swift, BTS and Ed Sheeran among the artists to have 
graced the venue.
Miami Stadium
Location: Miami Gardens, Florida, USA
Opened: 1987
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Four group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie, a quarter-final fixture and the bronze 
final
Miami Stadium serves as home to the Miami Dolphins, 
Formula 1 Miami Grand Prix, Miami Open tennis 
tournament, University of Miami, Orange Blossom Classic 
and Orange Bowl college football games, Jazz in the 
Gardens and other concerts and festivals.
The venue features world-class entertainment and 
demonstrates its versatility in hosting a wide variety of 
events including six Super Bowls, the 2010 NFL Pro Bowl, 
El Clasico Miami, major concerts and international soccer 
matches.
The stadium played host to eight fixtures during the FIFA 
Club World Cup 2025, including the opening showdown 
between Al Ahly FC and Inter Miami CF and the Round 
of 16 encounter where Real Madrid C. F. saw off fellow 
European heavyweights Juventus FC en route to the 
quarter-finals.
USA
STADIUMS
22
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
New York New Jersey Stadium
Location: East Rutherford, New Jersey, USA
Opened: 2010
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie, a Round of 16 contest and the FIFA 
World Cup™ fina
While this stadium has been more used to hosting the 
superstars of the NFL down the years, the best that 
soccer has to offer will head to the ground come 2026 as 
a different sport takes centre stage.
A multipurpose stadium which opened in 2010, the 
ground currently hosts the NFL’s New York Giants and 
New York Jets, as well as the XFL’s New York Guardians 
and was the venue for the final of the 2016 Copa America 
Centenario, when Chile defeated Lionel Messi’s Argentina 
on penalties. Numerous A-list performers have featured 
at New York New Jersey Stadium, including Bruce 
Springsteen, Beyonce, Ed Sheeran and Taylor Swift.
The venue was the centrepiece for the conclusion of the 
FIFA Club World Cup 2025 as fans from across the globe 
tuned in to see Chelsea’s thrilling 3-0 victory over Paris 
Saint-Germain, while the semi-finals, one quarter-final 
and five Group Stage fixtures also took place here.
Philadelphia Stadium
Location: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA
Opened: 2003
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches
and a Round of 16 tie
Philadelphia Stadium opened with a blockbuster friendly 
match between Manchester United against Barcelona in 
August 2003, with Ronaldinho setting up Patrick Kluivert 
to score the arena’s first goal.
It would go on to house US national team games, the 
2015 Gold Cup Final and Manchester United again in 
the years since, as well as becoming the permanent 
residence of the NFL’s Philadelphia Eagles and the 
temporary home of MLS team Philadelphia Union during 
the 2010 season.
The venue was the setting for a total of eight fixtures 
during the FIFA Club World Cup 2025, with six group 
games, one Round of 16 fixture and eventual winners 
Chelsea’s quarter-final victory over Palmeiras, which was 
also played on 4 July.
USA
STADIUMS
23
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
San Francisco Bay Area Stadium
Location: Santa Clara, California, USA
Opened: 2014
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Five group-stage matches
and a Round of 32 tie
One of the newer stadiums tasked with hosting the 
tournament, San Francisco Bay Area Stadium is located 
in the city of Santa Clara.
Home to the NFL’s San Francisco 49ers since its opening 
in 2014, the stadium was selected to host Super Bowl 50 
in February 2016, where Coldplay headlined the half-time 
show with support from Beyonce and Bruno Mars.
The venue staged the first match of the Copa America 
Centenario in June 2016 as Colombia defeated USA, and 
has also hosted Wrestlemania and the 2015 NHL clash 
between the LA Kings and San Jose Sharks.
Seattle Stadium
Location: Seattle, Washington, USA
Opened: 2002
FIFA World Cup 26™ fixtures: Four group-stage matches,
a Round of 32 tie and a Round of 16 contest
This stadium boasts a unique horseshoe shape with an 
open north end to give a stunning view of the Seattle 
skyline.
Featuring twice in the Guinness World Records as the 
loudest outdoor stadium, with the feats achieved in 
September and December 2013, the ground has become 
known as a fortress for the likes of MLS side Seattle 
Sounders and the NFL’s Seattle Seahawks.
The home atmosphere was perhaps best evidenced on 
5 May 2022, as the Sounders defeated Mexican outfit 
Pumas 3-0 to claim a 5-2 aggregate victory and lift 
the Concacaf Champions League, becoming the first 
American side to win the competition in its new format 
and qualify for the FIFA Club World Cup 2025.
Sounders played all three of their Club World Cup 
matches on home turf, but were unable to progress from 
a tough group featuring Paris Saint-Germain, Botafogo 
and Atlético de Madrid. Six Club World Cup matches 
were held at the venue during the 2025 tournament.
USA
STADIUMS
24
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
AUSTRALIA
• Australia are through to their sixth successive FIFA World Cup™, having featured at every edition since 2006.
Overall, this will be their seventh appearance at the finals.
• The Socceroos earned their spot at the FIFA World Cup 26™ on 10 June 2025, defeating Saudi Arabia 2-1 to
finish second in their group in the third round of the AFC qualifying tournament.
• This marks the first time the nation has secured direct qualification since the 2014 campaign. Their places at 
Russia 2018 (against Honduras) and Qatar 2022 (against Peru) were earned via the FIFA play-off tournament.
• Australia reached the knockout rounds for only the second time at the 2022 finals, bouncing back from an 
opening defeat to France with successive wins over Tunisia and Denmark. They advanced to the round of 16, 
where their run was ended by eventual champions Argentina.
ARGENTINA
• Holders Argentina were the first South American team to book a spot at the FIFA World Cup 26™, having sealed
qualification on 25 March 2025.
• The 2026 finals will be Argentina’s 14th successive FIFA World Cup™ appearance, with their last absence from
an edition of the competition being all the way back in 1970.
• Argentina secured their third FIFA World Cup™ title in dramatic fashion against France in the final of Qatar 2022,
winning an enthralling penalty shoot-out following a 3-3 draw.
• Lionel Messi broke the record for most matches played at the FIFA World Cup™ in the 2022 final, his 26th
appearance moving him one clear of Germany’s Lothar Matthäus, who had held the record since 1998.
ALGERIA
• Algeria have secured a berth at the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time in 12 years. Overall, this will be their fifth
appearance at the finals, having participated in 1982, 1986, 2010 and 2014.
• The North African nation produced their best performance in the competition at Brazil 2014, where they 
reached the knockout rounds for the first time in their history. Having held eventual champions Germany to a 
draw in regular time, Algeria ultimately bowed out 2-1 in extra-time after the round of 16.
• Algeria became the first African team to score four goals in a FIFA World Cup™ match when they defeated Korea
Republic 4-2 in the group stage at the 2014 edition; it is a record which still stands. 
• Algeria booked their ticket to the FIFA World Cup 26™ by claiming top spot in Group G in the CAF qualifying
tournament, with eight wins, one draw and only one defeat in ten matches. Mohamed Amoura struck ten goals 
in total to finish as the overall round’s top scorer.
AUSTRIA
• Austria are returning to the FIFA World Cup™ stage for the first time since 1998 and will make their eighth
tournament appearance at the 2026 finals.
• They clinched qualification on the final matchday, earning a 1-1 draw against Bosnia and Herzegovina with a late 
equaliser after trailing for most of the contest and facing the prospect of being overtaken in the standings by 
their opponents.
• Two-time semi-finalists, Das Nationalteam finished fourth in 1934 and clinched the final podium place in 1954. 
Since then, they have only advanced beyond the first stage once – reaching the second group phase at the 
1982 edition of FIFA’s flagship tournament.
• On 9 October 2025, Austria recorded their biggest-ever win, swatting San Marino aside in a 10-0 World Cup 
qualifying triumph. Marko Arnautović netted four times in that contest to surpass Toni Polster’s long-standing 
44-goal record and become his nation’s all-time leading scorer.
• The 1954 FIFA World Cup™ quarter-final bout between Austria and host nation Switzerland remains the highestscoring match in the tournament’s history. The Austrians staged a remarkable comeback, overturning a 3-0
deficit to run out 7-5 winners.
25
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
BELGIUM
• Belgium have been regular fixtures at the FIFA World Cup™, having featured in nine of the last 11 editions and 14
tournaments overall.
• They sealed their 15th appearance at the finals with a commanding 7-0 victory over Liechtenstein on the final 
matchday, finishing two points clear of runners-up Wales. Remaining unbeaten across eight matches—with five 
wins and three draws—it marked their third consecutive qualifying campaign without defeat.
• The Red Devils have twice reached the semi-finals of the global showpiece. They finished fourth in 1986 and 
recorded their best-ever showing in 2018 after overcoming England in the play-off for third place.
• Prior to their 2-0 defeat to Morocco in their second outing at Qatar 2022™, the Belgians were riding a 13-match
unbeaten run in group-stage encounters at the competition.
BRAZIL
• Brazil are the most successful nation in FIFA World Cup™ history, with five titles to their name
• They are the only team to have participated in every edition of the tournament; FIFA World Cup 26™ will mark
their 23rd consecutive appearance.
• Brazil secured qualification for 2026 by finishing fifth in the CONMEBOL qualifying tournament, where six direct 
spots were available.
• Since their last title in 2002, Brazil have been eliminated in the quarter-finals in four of the last five editions, with 
the exception being a fourth-place finish on home soil in 2014.
• Brazil hold the all-time records for most matches won (76) and most goals scored (237) in FIFA World Cup™ history
CABO VERDE
• Cabo Verde have qualified for the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time. They achieved the feat by securing top spot in
Group D of the African qualifying tournament ahead of Cameroon – quarter-finalists at the 1990 global showpiece.
• Their successful qualification was built on a solid defence which saw them record seven clean sheets in their ten 
group matches. They did not concede a goal at home in the entire qualifying campaign.
• A country of just over 500,000 people, Cabo Verde has become the third-least populous nation to reach the 
World Cup, after Curaçao who broke the record when they qualified for the 2026 finals and Iceland which had a 
population of approximately 340,000 when its national team reached the 2018 finals.
CANADA
• Co-hosts Canada qualified automatically and are set for their third FIFA World Cup™ appearance, marking the
first time they will feature in back-to-back editions after ending a 36-year absence at Qatar 2022.
• In both of their previous instalments, Canada were eliminated after the group stage, suffering three defeats from 
three matches each time.
• Alphonso Davies, a six-time Bundesliga champion with German giants Bayern Munich, made history at Qatar 
2022 by scoring Canada’s first-ever World Cup™ goal just 68 seconds into their match against Croatia
• Canada will begin their FIFA World Cup 26™ campaign in Toronto on 12 June 2026, with their following two
group fixtures to be played in Vancouver on 18 June and 24 June.
COLOMBIA
• Colombia are set to make their seventh FIFA World Cup™ appearance in 2026, returning to the global stage for
the first time since 2018 after missing out on Qatar 2022.
• Their finest performance at the finals came at Brazil 2014, where they reached the quarter-finals for the first 
time in their history. The campaign was lit up by James Rodríguez, whose six goals earned him the FIFA World 
Cup™ Golden Boot, making him the first Colombian player to win the award
• Colombia secured their place at the FIFA World Cup 26™ in September 2025, finishing third in the CONMEBOL
qualifying tournament. Their 28 goals scored, setting a new national record for most goals in a single qualifying 
cycle and surpassing the previous mark of 27 set during their 2014 edition.
26
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
CÔTE D’IVOIRE
• Côte d’Ivoire have ended a 12-year absence from the FIFA World Cup™ and will make their fourth appearance at the
2026 finals. Their previous three instalments came in succession from 2006 to 2014.
• Although Les Éléphants exited after the group stage in all three appearances at the global showpiece, they did 
return home with a win on their record on each occasion, with triumphs against Serbia and Montenegro (3-2 in 
2006), Korea DPR (3-0 in 2010) and Japan (2-1 in 2014).
• Côte d’Ivoire secured their place at the FIFA World Cup 26™, with a 3-0 victory over Kenya in their final fixture in
Group F of CAF qualifying, meaning they topped the section ahead of Gabon. Remarkably, they did not concede a 
goal in their entire qualifying campaign of ten matches – a feat only matched by Tunisia.
• Yaya Touré holds the record for most appearances for the nation at the FIFA World Cup™ having featured in all their
nine matches across their three participations.
CURAÇAO
• Curaçao have qualified for the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time, a historic milestone for the Caribbean
nation. With a population of just over 156,000, they will become the smallest country ever to feature in the 
tournament’s history.
• They secured their place at the finals with a goalless draw away to Jamaica on the final matchday. Unbeaten 
throughout qualifying, they recorded seven wins and three draws across ten matches.
• The team is led by veteran coach Dick Advocaat, who brings valuable World Cup experience. He guided the 
Netherlands to the quarter-finals at USA 1994 and later managed Korea Republic during their group-stage 
campaign at Germany 2006.
ECUADOR
• This will be Ecuador’s fifth FIFA World Cup™. Having also participated at Qatar 2022, they are featuring in
successive editions for the second time and have only missed out on the finals twice since making their debut 
at the 2002 edition.
• Their best achievement in the global competition came in 2006 when they reached the round of 16. They 
finished as runners-up behind host-nation Germany in a group which also contained Poland and Costa Rica. 
They subsequently fell to a 1-0 defeat against England in the round of 16.
• Ecuador’s all-time leading scorer Enner Valencia is also the record marksman for his country at the World Cup 
with a total of six goals; he notched three goals at both the 2014 and the 2022 editions.
• La Tri impressively finished in second place in the South American qualifying tournament for the 2026 finals 
and had the fewest defeats (two) and the fewest goals conceded (five) of all ten teams.
CROATIA
• Croatia have featured in six of the last seven editions of the FIFA World Cup™, having only missed out in 2010
since making their debut in 1998.
• They enjoyed an unbeaten campaign on their way to achieving a seventh appearance, recording seven wins 
and one draw from eight matches. Dominating their group, they finished six points clear of second-placed 
Czechia. Their haul of 26 goals marked a record high for the team in any edition of World Cup qualifying.
• The Croatians have graced the podium in each of the last two tournaments, finishing runners-up in 2018 and 
clinching third place in 2022.
• The Balkans boast a perfect record in FIFA World Cup penalty shoot-outs, having prevailed in all four that they 
have contested. Notably, in the last two editions, they advanced through both the round of 16 and quarter-finals 
thanks to their success from the spot.
• The Vatreni have tasted defeat in just two of their last 14 World Cup matches, with both of those losses coming 
against the eventual champions: France in the 2018 final and Argentina in the last four at the 2022 tournament.
• At Qatar 2022™, Luka Modrić became the first Croatian to line up at four editions of FIFA’s global showpiece.
Widely regarded as the nation’s greatest-ever player, he has chalked up 19 appearances at the tournament, 
which is more than any of his compatriots.
27
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
EGYPT
• The 2026 finals will be Egypt’s fourth FIFA World Cup™, following their participation in 1934, 1990 and 2018
• In their three previous instalments in 1934, 1990 and 2018, the African side failed to advance past the opening round 
and are still seeking a first World Cup victory having drawn two and lost five of their seven matches.
• Debutants all the way back in 1934, Egypt were the first African nation to play in the global showpiece; the second 
team, Morocco, did not feature until 1970.
• Egypt secured their spot at the FIFA World Cup 26™ by finishing top of Group A in the African qualifying tournament
with eight wins and two draws from their ten matches. Their talisman Mohamed Salah found the net nine times to 
become the first African player to reach the landmark of 20 goals in World Cup qualifying.
FRANCE
• Winners in 1998 and 2018, France have lined up in 16 previous editions of the FIFA World Cup™. Their place at
the 2026 tournament marks an eighth consecutive appearance, with their last absence dating back to 1994.
• They secured qualification for the 2026 finals in impressive fashion, recording five wins and one draw from six 
matches to finish six points clear of runners-up Ukraine at the top of their group.
• Les Bleus have contested the trophy decider in four of the last seven editions of the tournament, including 
back-to-back final appearances in 2018 and 2022. Didier Deschamps’ charges came within touching distance 
of retaining their title on Qatari soil, ultimately losing out to Argentina in a nail-biting penalty 
• shoot-out.
• France secured their first World Cup crown on home soil in 1998, when they defeated Brazil 3-0 in the 
tournament decider. That edition remains the last one at which the hosts have reigned supreme.
• At the 2022 global showpiece, Kylian Mbappé became only the second player to score a hat-trick in a FIFA 
World Cup final, matching the feat achieved by England’s Geoff Hurst in 1966. The fleet-footed Frenchman 
finished the tournament with eight goals, a tally that was enough to earn him the adidas Golden Boot.
ENGLAND
• Champions in 1966, England are set for their 17th FIFA World Cup™ appearance in 2026, continuing a streak of
eight consecutive qualifications – their longest ever.
• The Three Lions were the first European team to earn a spot at the 2026 finals, having qualified with two games 
to spare courtesy of a 5-0 victory over Latvia in Riga on 14 October 2025 which ensured they finished top of 
their qualifying group. They closed out the campaign with a perfect record of eight wins from eight matches 
— a feat matched only in Europe by Norway—and stood alone as the only European nation not to concede a 
single goal.
• England’s total of 13 goals at Qatar 2022 is their highest total in a single edition of the competition. When 
Marcus Rashford found the net for the second time against Wales in the group stage, they became only the 
seventh side to score 100 World Cup goals, joining Brazil, Germany, Argentina, Italy, France and Spain – their 
total now stands at 104.
• Gary Lineker remains the only player to score ten goals for England at the FIFA World Cup™, while all-time top
scorer Harry Kane is just two goals shy of matching that milestone.
28
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
GHANA
• Ghana’s qualification for the FIFA World Cup 26™ means that they have reached five out of six editions of the global
showpiece since making their debut in 2006.
• The Black Stars made it through to the knockout phase on their debut in 2006, where they were defeated by the 
defending champions Brazil in the round of 16. Four years later, they went one step further and progressed through 
to the quarter-finals and were only eliminated in a penalty shoot-out against Uruguay.
• Asamoah Gyan became the top African goalscorer in FIFA World Cup™ history when he scored for Ghana in
2014 against Portugal. Overall, the striker scored six goals for his nation at the finals, and found the net at three 
successive editions of the FIFA World Cup (2006, 2010 and 2014)
• Ghana secured their place at the 2026 finals courtesy of a 1-0 victory over Comoros on 12 October 2025 which 
sealed top spot in Group I of the African qualifying tournament. They finished the campaign with eight wins, one 
draw and only one defeat in their ten fixtures.
GERMANY
• Germany have participated in more editions of the FIFA World Cup™ than any other European country (20),
having qualified for every instalment that they have entered. The 2026 global showpiece marks their 19th 
consecutive appearance, with the tournament heavyweights having last failed to qualify for the competition 
back in 1950.
• They secured their place at the 2026 finals on the last matchday of their group with a commanding 6-0 victory 
over Slovakia. Having lost in their opening fixture against the same opponents, they rebounded impressively 
with five consecutive wins, capped by that emphatic triumph which sealed top spot.
• Four-time champions, Die Mannschaft have contested the final on eight occasions, which is more than any 
other nation.
• Despite their tournament pedigree, Germany suffered group-stage exits in the last two editions. Prior to 2018, 
the only time they had not managed to advance beyond the first round was in 1938.
• Miroslav Klose holds the all-time FIFA World Cup scoring record, having plundered 16 goals across four editions 
of the tournament (2002-2014).
IR IRAN
• IR Iran are making a fourth successive appearance at the FIFA World Cup™. They had only featured three times
in the history of the competition prior to this run.
• Team Melli have yet to make it out of the group stage in six attempts. Their highest-ever points tally in a group 
was in 2018 when they picked up four points with a 1-0 victory against Morocco and a 1-1 draw against Portugal 
either side of a narrow 1-0 defeat to Spain.
• Despite exiting in the group stage at Qatar 2022, IR Iran picked up their third win in a match at the finals when 
they defeated Wales 2-0 courtesy of two goals late in second-half added time.
• The Iranians were the second team, after Japan, to qualify through the FIFA World Cup 26™ preliminary
competition in Asia, securing their place after a 2-2 draw with Uzbekistan in Tehran on 25 March 2025. The 
result guaranteed them a top two finish in Group A, which saw them subsequently finished top of the section.
HAITI
• Haiti are returning to the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time in 52 years, having made their sole appearance at
the tournament in 1974.
• In their debut campaign, Les Grenadiers were drawn into a challenging group and exited after the group stage 
following defeats to Italy, Poland and Argentina.
• Haiti secured their place at the FIFA World Cup 26™ on the final matchday of Concacaf qualifying, claiming top
spot in Group C with a 2-0 victory over Nicaragua—finishing two points clear of runners-up Honduras.
29
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
JORDAN
• Jordan have made history by securing a place at the FIFA World Cup™ for the very first time
• Their place at the global showpiece was sealed on 5 June 2025 when a 3-0 victory over Oman was followed later in 
the day by a defeat for Iraq against Korea Republic, which secured the second automatic spot for Jordan before the 
final round of fixtures. Overall, Jordan lost only three of their 16 matches in AFC qualifying for the 2026 finals. 
• Qualification for the FIFA World Cup 26™ comes on the back of their groundbreaking achievement at the last
edition of the AFC Asian Cup in early 2024 when they reached the final of the competition for the first time, 
eventually losing against defending champions and hosts Qatar.
JAPAN
• Japan will be contesting their eighth successive FIFA World Cup™ having been ever-present since their debut at
France 1998.
• The Samurai Blue became the first Asian team to qualify for the 2026 finals and the first team of any continent 
to qualify outside of host nations on 20 March 2025 with a 2-0 win over Bahrain in Saitama that saw them 
guaranteed a top two finish in Group C in the third round of AFC qualifying.
• The Japanese reached the round of 16 for the fourth time in 2022 following a pair of dramatic come-frombehind wins against former FIFA World Cup™ winners Germany and Spain in the group stage. Their quest for a
first appearance in the quarter-finals eventually ended with a penalty shoot-out defeat against Croatia in the 
round of 16.
• Japan have scored a remarkable total of 112 goals in their last two World Cup qualifying campaigns. They netted 
54 times in the 2026 preliminaries and 58 times in the qualifiers for Qatar 2022.
MEXICO
• Mexico are competing in their 18th FIFA World Cup™. Only Brazil, Germany and Argentina have made more than
18 appearances (Italy are also on 18 but have not yet qualified for the 2026 finals).
• Co-hosts of the 2026 finals, Mexico achieved their best finish on the two occasions when they previously 
hosted the tournament, having reached the quarter-finals in 1970 and again in 1986.
• Mexico’s run of seven successive appearances in the knockout rounds of the FIFA World Cup™ ended when
they exited Qatar 2022 after the group stage.
• Mexican legend Rafael Márquez is the only player to captain his nation at five FIFA World Cup™ tournaments,
having done so at each edition from 2002 to 2018.
KOREA REPUBLIC
• Korea Republic have appeared at the FIFA World Cup™ more times than any other Asian nation. The 2026
edition will mark their 12th overall participation and 11th consecutive appearance, having last missed out in 1982.
• The fourth-place finish achieved by Korea Republic in 2002 is still the best showing by an Asian team in FIFA 
World Cup™ history. On their run to the semi-finals, they famously overcame Italy and Spain in the round of 16
and quarter-finals respectively before losing to Germany.
• Six of Korea Republic’s seven wins at the global showpiece have come against European teams. Most recently, 
they defeated Portugal 2-1 in their opening fixture at Qatar 2022.
• The Taegeuk Warriors were the only Asian team to complete their FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
without losing a match. In total, they won 11 and drew five of their 16 games.
30
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
NETHERLANDS
• The Netherlands have lined up at 11 previous editions of the FIFA World Cup™ and have featured in seven of the last
nine instalments.
• They were unbeaten across their eight fixtures in the 2026 qualifiers. The only occasions they failed to take 
maximum points were home and away draws against Poland in September and November.
• Three-time runners-up, the Dutch contested the trophy decider in back-to-back editions in 1974 and 1978 and 
again in 2010. No other nation has been involved in as many finals without winning the trophy.
• Remarkably, the Oranje have tasted defeat in just two of their 33 group-stage outings at the tournament (including 
both first and second group stages). The only teams to have got the better of them in group-stage encounters are 
Scotland (1978) and Belgium (1994).
MOROCCO
• Morocco are set for their seventh FIFA World Cup™ appearance, and third in a row, marking the first time they’ve
qualified for three consecutive editions. Their history at the finals began in 1970, when they became only the 
second African nation, after Egypt in 1934, to compete on football’s biggest stage.
• The Atlas Lions head to the FIFA World Cup 26™ with history on their minds, hoping to replicate their
sensational run at Qatar 2022. There, they became the first African team to reach the semi-finals, topping a 
group that included Croatia, Belgium and Canada. They then stunned Spain and Portugal in the knockouts 
before falling to France in the semi-finals and finishing fourth after a narrow 2-1 loss to Croatia.
• Morocco were the first African nation to qualify for the 2026 finals, sealing their spot on 5 September 2025 with 
a commanding 5-0 win over Niger to top Group E. They went on to win all eight of their qualifying matches, 
finishing with a perfect record.
• Morocco’s U-20 team, the Atlas Cubs, made history in October 2025, claiming their first-ever FIFA world title 
with a stunning 2-0 victory over Argentina in the FIFA U-20 World Cup Chile 2025™ final
NORWAY
• Norway are set to grace the FIFA World Cup™ for a fourth time, having previously featured at the editions held in 1938, 1994
and 1998.
• They delivered a remarkable campaign en route to the 2026 finals, finishing six points clear of Italy after emphatic victories 
- 3–0 at home and 4–1 away. They won all eight of their group fixtures, a feat matched only by England in European 
qualifying. The Norwegians stood out as Europe’s most prolific side, amassing an extraordinary 37 goals.
• Their success was spearheaded by Erling Haaland, who emerged as the leading scorer across all confederations with 
16 goals. His tally included a stunning five-goal performance in Norway’s comprehensive 11-1 victory over Moldova on 9 
September 2025.
• In their last tournament campaign, at the 1998 FIFA World Cup France™, the Norwegians went unbeaten in the group
stage, earning back-to-back draws with Morocco and Scotland before enjoying an unforgettable 2-1 victory over Brazil. 
Their adventure came to an end at the round-of-16 stage following a 1-0 defeat to Italy.
• Remarkably, all three of Norway’s World Cup defeats have come against Italy, each by a one-goal margin: 2-1 in extra time 
in the opening round in 1938, 1-0 in the group stage of the 1994 edition and 1-0 again in the last 16 at the 1998 tournament.
NEW ZEALAND
• The 2026 edition will mark New Zealand’s third FIFA World Cup™ instalment, having previously featured in
football’s biggest competition in 1982 and 2010.
• They secured qualification on 24 March 2025 with a 3-0 victory over New Caledonia in the final of the OFC 
tournament and became the second team of any continent, after Japan, to qualify outside of host nations.
• In their previous two World Cup campaigns, New Zealand exited after the group stage. In 1982, they lost all three 
matches. Remarkably, in 2010, they were the only unbeaten team in the tournament, drawing all three group 
games against Slovakia, Italy and Paraguay.
• The All Whites’ all-time leading scorer, Chris Wood, achieved a remarkable feat during their qualifying campaign 
for the 2026 finals, recording hat-tricks in back-to-back matches. He netted three goals against Samoa on 18 
November 2024 in their final group-stage fixture, then repeated the act in the semi-final clash against Fiji on 21 
March 2025.
31
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
PARAGUAY
• Paraguay will make their ninth FIFA World Cup™ appearance in 2026, ending a 16-year absence from the
tournament. They most recently participated in 2010.
• The 2010 edition marked Paraguay’s best-ever World Cup performance, as they reached the quarter-finals for the 
first time. They were narrowly eliminated by eventual champions Spain, with David Villa scoring the decisive goal in 
the 83rd minute.
• In addition to their 2010 quarter-final run, Paraguay have reached the round of 16 on three occasions, doing so in 
consecutive instalments in 1986, 1998 and 2002.
• La Albirroja secured their spot at the FIFA World Cup 26™ by finishing in the top six of the South American
qualifying tournament. Their campaign was built on defensive solidity, keeping ten clean sheets across 18 matches 
and conceding just ten goals.
PANAMA
• Panama have qualified for the FIFA World Cup™ for the second time, having made their debut at the 2018 finals
• Their maiden campaign ended after the group stage following defeats to Belgium and England, both of whom 
went on to reach the semi-finals. In their final match, Panama led Tunisia 1-0 at half-time before conceding two 
second-half goals.
• In March 2025, Panama celebrated a major achievement by reaching the final of the Concacaf Nations League. 
They were narrowly defeated by Mexico, who scored a decisive goal in second-half added time to seal a 2-1 
victory.
• Panama clinched their place at the FIFA World Cup 26™ on the final matchday, combining a 3-0 victory over
El Salvador with Suriname’s 3-1 defeat to Guatemala to leapfrog their rivals in the standings. They completed 
qualifying unbeaten, recording seven wins and three draws.
PORTUGAL
• Portugal are through to a seventh consecutive FIFA World Cup™. Ever-presents since the 2002 edition, the
Seleção das Quinas had only featured in two instalments of the tournament prior to the turn of the century.
• They clinched their place at the 2026 finals by topping European qualifying Group F with a commanding 9–1 
victory over Armenia on the final matchday. The result secured a three-point margin over the Republic of Ireland.
• When Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice in Portugal’s 2-2 draw with Hungary on 14 October 2025, he became 
the all-time leading scorer in World Cup qualifying history. The brace lifted his tally to 41 goals, surpassing the 
previous record of 39 set by Guatemala’s Carlos Ruiz.
• The Portuguese national team’s best campaign came in their debut appearance in 1966, when they clinched the 
final podium place. They came close to matching that achievement 40 years later, placing fourth at the 2006 
FIFA World Cup Germany™
• Cristiano Ronaldo’s spot kick against Ghana opened Portugal’s account at Qatar 2022™ and was the nation’s
50th goal in FIFA World Cup history. That effort saw the Madeira-born attacker become the first player to 
find the net in five editions of the FIFA World Cup, having been on the mark in the 2006, 2010, 2014 and 2018 
tournaments.
QATAR
• 2022 FIFA World Cup™ hosts Qatar have created history by successfully progressing through Asian qualifying
for the first time, meaning they will make their second consecutive appearance at the finals.
• The Qataris will be looking to improve on their debut campaign in 2022, which ended after the group stage, 
following defeats to Ecuador, Senegal and the Netherlands.
• Their qualification for the FIFA World Cup 26™ was sealed with a 2-1 victory over the United Arab Emirates on 14
October 2025, a result that saw them finish top of Group A in the fourth round of AFC qualifying.
• The Maroons successfully defended their AFC Asian Cup title in February 2024, with Akram Afif scoring a hattrick of penalties to fire the hosts to a 3-1 victory over Jordan in the tournament decider at Lusail Stadium.
32
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
SCOTLAND
• Scotland are returning to the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time in 28 years, after sealing their place in dramatic
fashion on the final matchday. Two stoppage-time goals secured a 4-2 victory over Denmark, averting what had 
seemed a certain second-place finish behind the Danes.
• The Scots have graced eight previous editions, qualifying for six of the seven instalments held between 1974 and 
1998. However, they have not been involved in the tournament since then.
• All eight of the Tartan Army’s World Cup campaigns ended in the opening round, with goal difference having cruelly 
denied them progression on three occasions.
SAUDI ARABIA
• Saudi Arabia have now qualified for seven of the last nine FIFA World Cup™ editions, having made their
tournament debut at USA 1994, where they reached the round of 16 – their best performance to date.
• Despite exiting after the group stage at Qatar 2022, Saudi Arabia delivered one of the tournament’s most 
memorable moments, staging a stunning 2-1 comeback victory over eventual champions Argentina in their 
opening match.
• The Green Falcons secured their place at the FIFA World Cup 26™ with a goalless draw against Iraq on 14
October 2025, a result that saw them finish top of Group B in the fourth round of AFC qualifying.
• Saudi legend Sami Al-Jaber holds a unique record as the only player to score for the nation in three separate 
FIFA World Cup™ tournaments. His goals span a remarkable 12-year period, from 1994 to 2006
SENEGAL
• Senegal will make their fourth FIFA World Cup™ appearance in 2026, having now qualified for three consecutive
editions. This follows a 16-year gap between their debut in 2002 and their return in 2018.
• The Lions of Teranga delivered one of the most memorable World Cup debuts in 2002, reaching the quarterfinals after a stunning 1-0 victory over defending champions France in their opening match. They remain the 
only African nation to reach the quarter-finals in their first appearance.
• At Qatar 2022, Senegal advanced from the group stage, bouncing back from an opening defeat to the 
Netherlands with consecutive wins over Qatar and Ecuador, before being eliminated by England in the round of 16.
• Senegal’s qualification for the FIFA World Cup 26™ was sealed on the final matchday in their qualifying group,
with a commanding 4-0 win over Mauritania ensuring they topped their section ahead of Congo DR. They 
finished the campaign unbeaten, recording seven wins and three draws across ten matches.
SOUTH AFRICA
• South Africa are returning to the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time since hosting the tournament in 2010,
marking their fourth overall appearance at the finals.
• Although they have never progressed beyond the group stage, South Africa lost only one match in each of their 
three previous participations. Their most memorable result came in 2010, when they defeated France 2-1 in their 
final group fixture.
• South Africa ended a 16-year absence from the global showpiece by topping their qualifying group with a 
decisive 3-0 victory over Rwanda on the final matchday and finishing one point ahead of Nigeria and Benin.
• South Africa remain the only African nation to have hosted the FIFA World Cup™, having staged the historic
2010 edition.
33
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
SWITZERLAND
• Switzerland are making a sixth consecutive FIFA World Cup™ participation, which represents their longest run of
successive appearances. Overall, they have graced the global showpiece on 12 previous occasions.
• They advanced through qualifying unbeaten, registering four wins and two draws from six matches, with 14 goals 
scored and only two conceded.
• Three-time quarter-finalists, the Swiss made it through to the last eight in 1934, 1938 and on their own patch in 
1954. They have negotiated their way out of their group in five of their last six tournament campaigns but have 
tasted defeat in the round of 16 on each of those occasions.
• The Nati suffered shoot-out agony against Ukraine in their last-16 showdown at the 2006 edition of the tournament 
after the sides had failed to trouble the scoreboard after 120 minutes of action, with the Swiss becoming the first 
team to exit a FIFA World Cup without conceding a goal – a record that still stands to this day.
• The 1954 FIFA World Cup™ quarter-final showdown between host nation Switzerland and Austria was a 12-goal
thriller that remains the highest-scoring match in the tournament’s history. Despite racing into a 3-0 lead, the hosts 
were ultimately on the receiving end of a 7-5 defeat in a contest for the ages.
SPAIN
• Spain are set to compete in their 17th FIFA World Cup™, marking their 13th consecutive appearance at the global
showpiece, having been ever-present since the 1978 edition.
• They completed an unbeaten qualifying campaign for the 2026 finals, recording five consecutive clean-sheet 
victories before rounding off with a 2-2 draw against Türkiye in their final fixture.
• The Iberians are one of only eight nations to have lifted the FIFA World Cup Trophy, and they are the latest firsttime champions, having claimed their maiden title in 2010 courtesy of a 1-0 victory over the Netherlands after 
extra time.
• Since their triumphant campaign on South African soil, La Roja have failed to progress beyond the round of 16. At 
the 2022 edition, their quest to clinch a second crown ended at that stage of the competition following a penalty 
• shoot-out defeat to Morocco, the tournament’s surprise package.
• Spain’s 7-0 win over Costa Rica in their curtain-raiser at Qatar 2022™ is their biggest-ever FIFA World Cup
victory. Six players found the net in that comprehensive triumph, and at 18 years and 110 days, Gavi became the 
• third-youngest goalscorer in tournament history.
TUNISIA
• Tunisia will make their seventh FIFA World Cup™ appearance in 2026, marking their third consecutive
qualification. They have now reached six of the last eight editions.
• The Carthage Eagles made history on their World Cup debut in 1978, defeating Mexico 3-1 in their opening 
match to become the first African team to win a game at the tournament.
• Although Tunisia have yet to progress beyond the group stage, they ended their Qatar 2022 campaign on 
a high note with a 1-0 victory over reigning champions France, who went on to reach the final for a second 
successive time.
• Tunisia were the second African nation to qualify for the FIFA World Cup 26™, following Morocco, securing top
spot in their group with a 1-0 win over Equatorial Guinea on 8 September 2025. They completed an exceptional 
qualifying campaign unbeaten, with nine wins, one draw and no goals conceded across ten matches.
URUGUAY
• Uruguay will make their 15th overall FIFA World Cup™ appearance in 2026, marking their fifth consecutive
qualification since last missing out in 2006, their longest streak.
• La Celeste are two-time FIFA World Cup™ champions, having won the inaugural tournament on home soil in
1930 with a 4-2 victory over Argentina in the final. They claimed their second title in 1950, triumphing in their 
next appearance after having missed the 1934 and 1938 editions.
• Uruguay made a remarkable start to their World Cup history, going unbeaten in their first 11 matches with ten 
wins and one draw, before falling to Hungary in extra time during the 1954 semi-finals.
• Uruguay secured their place at the FIFA World Cup 26™ by finishing fourth in the South American qualifying
tournament, earning a top six spot to book their ticket to the finals.
34
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM FACTS
UZBEKISTAN
• Uzbekistan have made history by qualifying for the FIFA World Cup™ for the first time. They were previously one
step away from contesting the intercontinental play-off in the preliminary competition for the 2006 edition of the 
global showpiece when they lost on away goals against Bahrain in the fourth round. They endured the same fate in 
the qualifying campaign for the 2014 instalment, suffering shoot-out heartbreak at the hands of Jordan.
• The White Wolves secured their place at the 2026 finals with a second-place finish in their group during the third 
round of AFC qualifying. Across the entire campaign, they suffered just one defeat in 16 matches – a narrow 3-2 loss 
away to Qatar, decided by a goal deep into second-half stoppage time.
• Uzbekistan’s youth teams have also made their mark on the global stage, reaching the quarter-finals twice at the 
FIFA U-17 World Cup™ (2011 and 2023) and twice at the FIFA U-20 World Cup™ (2013 and 2015
USA
• The 2026 edition, which the USA are co-hosting with Canada and Mexico, will see the Stars and Stripes 
compete for the 12th time in a FIFA World Cup™. They previously hosted the tournament solo in 1994, reaching
the round of 16 before a narrow 1-0 defeat to eventual champions Brazil.
• The Stars and Stripes’ best World Cup performance came in the inaugural 1930 edition, when they reached the 
semi-finals. They also advanced to the quarter-finals in 2002.
• The USA have progressed from the group stage in each of their last three appearances (2010, 2014 and 2022) 
and have reached the knockout phase in five of their last seven participations overall.
• Since being edged out 2-1 by Ghana in their final group match at the 2006 tournament, the USA have tasted 
defeat just once in their last nine group-stage outings (W3 D5): a 1-0 reverse against eventual champions 
Germany in the 2014 edition.
35
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Round of 16 (2014)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 5 (1982, 1986, 2010, 2014, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1982 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2014 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
ALGERIA (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Group stage
1986 - MEX Group stage
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Round of 16
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
13 3 3 7 13 19
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 8 1 1 24 8
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group G winners
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
10 - AMOURA Mohamed
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
4-2: v. Korea Republic (group stage, 22/06/2014)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. Spain (group stage, 12/06/1986)
36
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
2 - 17 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 205d - BENTALEB Nabil v. Belgium (17/06/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
23y 169d - BELLOUMI Lakhdar v. Germany FR (16/06/1982)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
35y 136d - SAIFI Rafik v. USA (23/06/2010)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
31y 36d - ZIDANE Djamel v. Northern Ireland (03/06/1986)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - ASSAD Salah (2-1982)
2 - DJABOU Abdelmoumene (2-2014)
2 - SLIMANI Islam (2-2014)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
7 - HALLICHE Rafik (3-2010; 4-2014)
6 - MANSOURI Faouzi (3-1982; 3-1986)
6 - BOUGHERRA Madjid (3-2010; 3-2014)
6 - GUENDOUZ Mahmoud (3-1982; 3-1986)
6 - LACEN Medhi (3-2010; 3-2014)
6 - MBOLHI Rais (2-2010; 4-2014)
6 - MADJER Rabah (3-1982; 3-1986)
TEAM PROFILE
ALGERIA (CAF)
37
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Algeria v. Austria 0-2 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Belgium v. Algeria 2-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Brazil v. Algeria 1-0 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
England v. Algeria 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Germany FR v. Algeria 1-2 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
Germany v. Algeria 2-1 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Germany P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 3
Korea Republic v. Algeria 2-4 (0-3) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 2
Algeria v. Spain 0-3 (0-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
USA v. Algeria 1-0 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
ALGERIA (CAF)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
38
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (1978, 1986, 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
19 (1930, 1934, 1958, 1962, 1966, 1974, 1978, 1982, 
1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 
2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (runners-up)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (winners)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 14 (since 1974)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1978 (winners)
TEAM PROFILE
ARGENTINA (CONMEBOL)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Runners-up
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Group stage
1962 - CHI Group stage
1966 - ENG Quarter-finals
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Second round
1978 - ARG Winners
1982 - ESP Second round
1986 - MEX Winners
1990 - ITA Runners-up
1994 - USA Round of 16
1998 - FRA Quarter-finals
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Quarter-finals
2010 - RSA Quarter-finals
2014 - BRA Runners-up
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Winners
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
88 47 17 24 152 101
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 12 2 4 31 10
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CONMEBOL qualifying tournament winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
6-0: v. Peru (second round group stage, 21/06/1978)
6-0: v. Serbia and Montenegro (group stage, 16/06/2006)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-6: v. Czechoslovakia (group stage, 15/06/1958)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
8 - MESSI Lionel
39
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
5 - MESSI Lionel (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 357d - MESSI Lionel v. Serbia and Montenegro (16/06/2006)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 357d - MESSI Lionel v. Serbia and Montenegro (16/06/2006)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 260d - LABRUNA Angel v. Czechoslovakia (15/06/1958)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 227d - PALERMO Martin v. Greece (22/06/2010)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
13 - MESSI Lionel (1-2006; 4-2014; 1-2018; 7-2022)
10 - BATISTUTA Gabriel (4-1994; 5-1998; 1-2002)
8 - MARADONA Diego (2-1982; 5-1986; 1-1994)
8 - STABILE Guillermo (8-1930)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
26 - MESSI Lionel (3-2006; 5-2010; 7-2014; 4-2018; 7-2022)
21 - MARADONA Diego (5-1982; 7-1986; 7-1990; 2-1994)
20 - MASCHERANO Javier (5-2006; 4-2010; 7-2014; 4-2018)
TEAM PROFILE
ARGENTINA (CONMEBOL)
40
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
ARGENTINA (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
Argentina v. Australia 2-1 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Australia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
v. Belgium P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 1
Argentina v. Belgium 0-1 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
Argentina v. Belgium 2-0 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Semi-fina
Argentina v. Belgium 1-0 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. Brazil 1-2 (1-1) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Second round (group
Argentina v. Brazil 0-0 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
Argentina v. Brazil 1-3 (0-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
Brazil v. Argentina 0-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Round of 1
v. Brazil P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 3 GA 5
Argentina v. Côte d'Ivoire 2-1 (2-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Côte d’Ivoire P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Argentina v. Croatia 1-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Argentina v. Croatia 0-3 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Argentina v. Croatia 3-0 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Semi-fina
v. Croatia P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 3
England v. Argentina 3-1 (2-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
England v. Argentina 1-0 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. England 2-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. England 2-2 AET (2-2, 
2-2) 4-3 PSO 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Round of 1
Argentina v. England 0-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. England P 5 W 1 D 1 L 3 GF 5 GA 8
Argentina v. France 1-0 (0-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Argentina v. France 2-1 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
France v. Argentina 4-3 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
Argentina v. France 3-3 AET (2-2, 
2-0) 4-2 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Fina
v. France P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 9 GA 8
41
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
v. Korea Republic P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 7 GA 2
Argentina v. Korea Republic 3-1 (2-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Argentina v. Korea Republic 4-1 (2-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
Argentina v. Haiti 4-1 (2-0) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Haiti P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Argentina v. IR Iran 1-0 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Argentina v. Japan 1-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Argentina v. Germany FR 1-3 (1-2) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Argentina 0-0 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Argentina v. Germany FR 3-2 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Fina
Germany FR v. Argentina 1-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Fina
Germany v. Argentina 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-2 PSO 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. Germany 0-4 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
Germany v. Argentina 1-0 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Fina
v. Germany P 7 W 1 D 2 L 4 GF 5 GA 12
Argentina v. Mexico 6-3 (3-1) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Argentina v. Mexico 2-1 AET
(1-1, 1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
Argentina v. Mexico 3-1 (2-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Argentina v. Mexico 2-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 4 W 4 D 0 L 0 GF 13 GA 5
ARGENTINA (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
42
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
v. Switzerland P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Argentina v. Switzerland 2-0 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Argentina v. Switzerland 1-0 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Uruguay P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 4
Uruguay v. Argentina 4-2 (1-2) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Fina
Argentina v. Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Round of 1
Argentina v. Saudi Arabia 1-2 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Argentina v. Spain 2-1 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Argentina v. USA 6-1 (1-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Semi-fina
v. USA P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 6 GA 1
Netherlands v. Argentina 4-0 (2-0) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Second round (group
Argentina v. Netherlands 3-1 AET
(1-1, 1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Fina
Netherlands v. Argentina 2-1 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Quarter-fina
Netherlands v. Argentina 0-0 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Netherlands v. Argentina 0-0 AET
2-4 PSO 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Semi-fina
Netherlands v. Argentina 2-2 AET (2-2, 
0-1) 3-4 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. Netherlands P 6 W 1 D 3 L 2 GF 6 GA 9
ARGENTINA (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
43
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Round of 16 (2006, 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1974, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1974 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 6 (since 2006)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: n/a
TEAM PROFILE
AUSTRALIA (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Group stage
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
20 4 4 12 17 37
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
16 11 4 1 38 7
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC third round Group C runners-up
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-1: v. Japan (group stage, 12/06/2006)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-4: v. Germany (group stage, 13/06/2010)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
6 - YENGI Kusini
44
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - CAHILL Tim (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
4 - MILLIGAN Mark (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 68d - KUOL Garang v. France (22/11/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
26y 84d - HOLMAN Brett v. Ghana (19/06/2010)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
38y 202d - CAHILL Tim v. Peru (26/06/2018)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 194d - CAHILL Tim v. Netherlands (18/06/2014)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
5 - CAHILL Tim (2-2006; 1-2010; 2-2014)
3 - JEDINAK Mile (1-2014; 2-2018)
2 - HOLMAN Brett (2-2010)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
10 - LECKIE Mathew (3-2014; 3-2018; 4-2022)
10 - RYAN Mathew (3-2014; 3-2018; 4-2022)
9 - BRESCIANO Mark (4-2006; 2-2010; 3-2014)
9 - CAHILL Tim (4-2006; 2-2010; 2-2014; 1-2018)
TEAM PROFILE
AUSTRALIA (AFC)
45
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. Australia 2-0 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Australia v. Netherlands 2-3 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Australia v. Spain 0-3 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Tunisia v. Australia 0-1 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Australia v. Japan 3-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Argentina v. Australia 2-1 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
France v. Australia 2-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
France v. Australia 4-1 (2-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. France P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 2 GA 6
Australia v. Germany FR 0-3 (0-2) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Germany v. Australia 4-0 (2-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Germany P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 0 GA 7
Croatia v. Australia 2-2 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Croatia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Ghana v. Australia 1-1 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Ghana P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
AUSTRALIA (AFC)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
46
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Third place (1954)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 8 (1934, 1954, 1958, 1978, 1982, 1990, 1998, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1934 (fourth place)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 1998 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
AUSTRIA (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Fourth place
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Third place
1958 - SWE Group stage
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Second round
1982 - ESP Second round
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Group stage
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
29 12 4 13 43 47
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 6 1 1 22 4
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group H winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
5-0: v. Czechoslovakia (group stage, 19/06/1954)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-6: v. Germany FR (semi-finals, 30/06/1954)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
8 - ARNAUTOVIC Marko
47
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
2 - 28 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 17d - BUZEK Hans v. Brazil (08/06/1958)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 244d - BICAN Josef v. France (27/05/1934)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 109d - KONSEL Michael v. Italy (23/06/1998)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 93d - POLSTER Toni v. Cameroon (11/06/1998)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
6 - PROBST Erich (6-1954)
5 - KRANKL Hans (4-1978; 1-1982)
3 - KOERNER Alfred (2-1954; 1-1958)
3 - SCHACHNER Walter (1-1978; 2-1982)
3 - STOJASPAL Ernst (3-1954)
3 - WAGNER Theodor (3-1954)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
11 - KONCILIA Friedl (6-1978; 5-1982)
11 - OBERMAYER Erich (6-1978; 5-1982)
11 - PEZZEY Bruno (6-1978; 5-1982)
11 - PROHASKA Herbert (6-1978; 5-1982)
10 - KRANKL Hans (6-1978; 4-1982)
TEAM PROFILE
AUSTRIA (UEFA)
48
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Algeria v. Austria 0-2 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
England v. Austria 2-2 (0-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Netherlands v. Austria 5-1 (3-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 5
Austria v. Scotland 1-0 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Austria v. Spain 2-1 (1-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Austria v. Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Match for third plac
v. Uruguay P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Austria v. Switzerland 7-5 (5-4) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Quarter-fina
v. Switzerland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 7 GA 5
Austria v. USA 2-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Germany v. Austria 3-2 (3-1) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Match for third plac
Germany FR v. Austria 6-1 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Semi-fina
Austria v. Germany FR 3-2 (0-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
Germany FR v. Austria 1-0 (1-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. Germany P 4 W 1 D 0 L 3 GF 6 GA 12
Brazil v. Austria 3-0 (1-0) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
Brazil v. Austria 1-0 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 0 GA 4
Austria v. France 3-2 AET
(1-1, 1-1) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
Austria v. France 0-1 (0-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
v. France P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 3
AUSTRIA (UEFA)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
49
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Third place (2018)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 15 (1930, 1934, 1938, 1954, 1970, 1982, 1986, 1990, 
1994, 1998, 2002, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 4 (since 2014)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
BELGIUM (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Group stage
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA First round
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Group stage
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Group stage
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Second round
1986 - MEX Fourth place
1990 - ITA Round of 16
1994 - USA Round of 16
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Round of 16
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Quarter-finals
2018 - RUS Third place
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
51 21 10 20 69 74
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 5 3 0 29 7
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group J winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
5-2: v. Tunisia (group stage, 23/06/2018)
3-0: v. El Salvador (group stage, 03/06/1970)
3-0: v. Panama (group stage, 18/06/2018)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-5: v. Germany (first round, 27/05/1934)
1-4: v. Italy (group stage, 20/06/1954)
1-4: v. Soviet Union (group stage, 06/06/1970)
0-3: v. USA (group stage, 13/07/1930)
0-3: v. Poland (second round group stage, 28/06/1982)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
6 - DE BRUYNE Kevin
50
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - SCIFO Enzo (1986, 1990, 1994, 1998)
4 - VAN DER ELST Franky (1986, 1990, 1994, 1998)
4 - WILMOTS Marc (1990, 1994, 1998, 2002)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 60d - ORIGI Divock v. Algeria (17/06/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 65d - ORIGI Divock v. Russia (22/06/2014)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 119d - VAN MOER Wilfried v. Poland (28/06/1982)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 223d - CLIJSTERS Leo v. Uruguay (17/06/1990)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
5 - LUKAKU Romelu (1-2014; 4-2018)
5 - WILMOTS Marc (2-1998; 3-2002)
4 - CEULEMANS Jan (3-1986; 1-1990)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
17 - SCIFO Enzo (7-1986; 4-1990; 4-1994; 2-1998)
16 - CEULEMANS Jan (5-1982; 7-1986; 4-1990)
15 - VAN DER ELST Franky (4-1986; 4-1990; 4-1994; 3-1998)
15 - COURTOIS Thibaut (5-2014; 7-2018; 3-2022)
TEAM PROFILE
BELGIUM (UEFA)
51
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Belgium v. Algeria 2-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Belgium v. Canada 1-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Canada P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Croatia v. Belgium 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Croatia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
England v. Belgium 4-4 AET
(3-3, 2-1) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
England v. Belgium 1-0 AET 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Round of 1
England v. Belgium 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Belgium v. England 2-0 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Play-off for third plac
v. England P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 7 GA 5
France v. Belgium 3-1 (2-1) 1938 FIFA World Cup France™ First roun
France v. Belgium 4-2 AET
(2-2, 2-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Match for third plac
France v. Belgium 1-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Semi-fina
v. France P 3 W 0 D 0 L 3 GF 3 GA 8
Argentina v. Belgium 0-1 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
Argentina v. Belgium 2-0 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Semi-fina
Argentina v. Belgium 1-0 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Quarter-fina
v. Argentina P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 1 GA 3
Brazil v. Belgium 2-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Round of 1
Brazil v. Belgium 1-2 (0-2) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Quarter-fina
v. Brazil P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Germany v. Belgium 5-2 (1-2) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
Germany v. Belgium 3-2 (3-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Round of 1
v. Germany P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 4 GA 8
BELGIUM (UEFA)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
52
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Belgium v. Panama 3-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Panama P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Belgium v. Saudi Arabia 0-1 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Belgium v. Korea Republic 2-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Belgium v. Korea Republic 1-1 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Korea Republic v. Belgium 0-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Mexico v. Belgium 1-0 (1-0) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Belgium v. Mexico 1-2 (1-2) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Belgium v. Mexico 2-2 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 3 GA 5
Belgium v. Morocco 1-0 (1-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Belgium v. Morocco 0-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Belgium v. Netherlands 1-0 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Netherlands v. Belgium 0-0 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Paraguay v. Belgium 1-0 (1-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Paraguay v. Belgium 2-2 (0-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Japan v. Belgium 2-2 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Belgium v. Japan 3-2 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
v. Japan P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 5 GA 4
BELGIUM (UEFA)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
53
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Belgium v. Uruguay 3-1 (2-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
USA v. Belgium 3-0 (2-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Belgium v. USA 2-1 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. USA P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 4
Tunisia v. Belgium 1-1 (1-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Belgium v. Tunisia 5-2 (3-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 6 GA 3
Spain v. Belgium 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-1) 4-5 PSO 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Belgium v. Spain 1-2 (1-2) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Spain P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
BELGIUM (UEFA)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
54
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (1958, 1962, 1970, 1994, 2002)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
23 (1930, 1934, 1938, 1950, 1954, 1958, 1962,
1966, 1970, 1974, 1978, 1982, 1986, 1990, 1994,
1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (quarter-finals)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 23 (since 1930)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1950 (runners-up) & 2014 (fourth place)
TEAM PROFILE
BRAZIL (CONMEBOL)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Group stage
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA Third place
1950 - BRA Runners-up
1954 - SUI Quarter-finals
1958 - SWE Winners
1962 - CHI Winners
1966 - ENG Group stage
1970 - MEX Winners
1974 - FRG Fourth place
1978 - ARG Third place
1982 - ESP Second round
1986 - MEX Quarter-finals
1990 - ITA Round of 16
1994 - USA Winners
1998 - FRA Runners-up
2002 - JPN/KOR Winners
2006 - GER Quarter-finals
2010 - RSA Quarter-finals
2014 - BRA Fourth place
2018 - RUS Quarter-finals
2022 - QAT Quarter-finals
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
114 76 19 19 237 108
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 8 4 6 24 17
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Fifth place in CONMEBOL qualifying tournament
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
7-1: v. Sweden (final round, 09/07/1950)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-7: v. Germany (semi-finals, 08/07/2014)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - RAPHINHA
55
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - CAFU (1994, 1998, 2002, 2006)
4 - CASTILHO (1950, 1954, 1958, 1962)
4 - DJALMA SANTOS (1954, 1958, 1962, 1966)
4 - LEAO (1970, 1974, 1978, 1986) 
4 - NILTON SANTOS (1950, 1954, 1958, 1962)
4 - PELE (1958, 1962, 1966, 1970)
4 - RONALDO (1994, 1998, 2002, 2006)
4 - THIAGO SILVA (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
17y 235d - PELE v. Soviet Union (15/06/1958)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
17y 239d - PELE v. Wales (19/06/1958)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 213d - DANI ALVES v. Korea Republic (05/12/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 137d - BEBETO v. Denmark (03/07/1998)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
15 - RONALDO (4-1998; 8-2002; 3-2006)
12 - PELE (6-1958; 1-1962; 1-1966; 4-1970)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
20 - CAFU (3-1994; 6-1998; 7-2002; 4-2006)
19 - RONALDO (7-1998; 7-2002; 5-2006)
18 - TAFFAREL (4-1990; 7-1994; 7-1998)
18 - DUNGA (4-1990; 7-1994; 7-1998)
TEAM PROFILE
BRAZIL (CONMEBOL)
56
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. Algeria 1-0 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Brazil v. Colombia 2-1 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Quarter-fina
v. Colombia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Brazil v. Côte d'Ivoire 3-1 (1-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Côte d’Ivoire P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Brazil v. Australia 2-0 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Brazil v. Austria 3-0 (1-0) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
Brazil v. Austria 1-0 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Austria P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 0
Brazil v. Belgium 2-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Round of 1
Brazil v. Belgium 1-2 (0-2) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Quarter-fina
v. Belgium P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 2
Argentina v. Brazil 1-2 (1-1) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Second round (group
Argentina v. Brazil 0-0 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
Argentina v. Brazil 1-3 (0-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
Brazil v. Argentina 0-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Round of 1
v. Argentina P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 5 GA 3
Brazil v. Croatia 1-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Brazil v. Croatia 3-1 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Croatia v. Brazil 1-1 AET
4-2 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. Croatia P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 5 GA 2
BRAZIL (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
57
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. Korea Republic 4-1 (4-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Brazil v. Morocco 3-0 (2-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Brazil v. Ghana 3-0 (2-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. Ghana P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Japan v. Brazil 1-4 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Germany v. Brazil 0-2 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Fina
Brazil v. Germany 1-7 (0-5) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Semi-fina
v. Germany P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 7
Brazil v. Mexico 4-0 (1-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 5-0 (4-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 2-0 (0-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 0-0 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 2-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
v. Mexico P 5 W 4 D 1 L 0 GF 13 GA 0
Brazil v. England 0-0 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
Brazil v. England 3-1 (1-1) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. England 1-0 (0-0) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
England v. Brazil 1-2 (1-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Quarter-fina
v. England P 4 W 3 D 1 L 0 GF 6 GA 2
Brazil v. France 5-2 (2-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Semi-fina
Brazil v. France 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 3-4 PSO 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. France 0-3 (0-2) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Fina
Brazil v. France 0-1 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Quarter-fina
v. France P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 6 GA 7
BRAZIL (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
58
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. New Zealand 4-0 (2-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. New Zealand P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 0
Brazil v. Norway 1-2 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Norway P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Netherlands v. Brazil 2-0 (0-0) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Second round (group
Netherlands v. Brazil 2-3 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. Netherlands 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-2 PSO 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Semi-fina
Netherlands v. Brazil 2-1 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. Netherlands 0-3 (0-2) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Play-off for third plac
v. Netherlands P 5 W 1 D 1 L 3 GF 5 GA 10
Spain v. Brazil 3-1 (3-0) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
Brazil v. Spain 6-1 (3-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Final round (group
Brazil v. Spain 2-1 (0-1) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Brazil v. Spain 0-0 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
Spain v. Brazil 0-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Spain P 5 W 3 D 1 L 1 GF 10 GA 5
Portugal v. Brazil 3-1 (2-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Portugal v. Brazil 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Scotland v. Brazil 0-0 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Brazil v. Scotland 4-1 (1-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
Brazil v. Scotland 1-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Brazil v. Scotland 2-1 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 4 W 3 D 1 L 0 GF 7 GA 2
BRAZIL (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
59
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. USA 1-0 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Round of 1
v. USA P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Brazil v. Switzerland 2-2 (2-1) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Brazil v. Switzerland 1-1 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Brazil v. Switzerland 1-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 3 W 1 D 2 L 0 GF 4 GA 3
Uruguay v. Brazil 2-1 (0-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Final round (group
Brazil v. Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Semi-fina
v. Uruguay P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 3
BRAZIL (CONMEBOL)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
60
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: N/A
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2026
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: N/A
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
CABO VERDE (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not participate
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not participate
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Did not participate
1998 - FRA Did not participate
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 7 2 1 16 8
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group D winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
4 - LIVRAMENTO Dailon
61
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
N/A
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
There are no previous meetings for Cabo Verde.
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
N/A
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
N/A
TEAM PROFILE
CABO VERDE (CAF)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
62
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (1986, 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 3 (1986, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1986 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 2 (since 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 2026 co-hosts
TEAM PROFILE
CANADA (Concacaf)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Group stage
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
6 0 0 6 2 12
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
As hosts
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-4: v. Croatia (group stage, 27/11/2022)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
N/A
63
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
1 - 48 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 46d - DOLAN Paul v. France (01/06/1986)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 25d - DAVIES Alphonso v. Croatia (27/11/2022)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 296d - HUTCHINSON Atiba v. Morocco (01/12/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 25d - DAVIES Alphonso v. Croatia (27/11/2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
1: DAVIES Alphonso (1-2022)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
3 - 23 players
CANADA (Concacaf)
64
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
Belgium v. Canada 1-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Croatia v. Canada 4-1 (2-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Croatia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 4
Canada v. France 0-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Canada v. Morocco 1-2 (1-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
CANADA (Concacaf)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
65
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Quarter-finals (2014)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1962, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2014, 2018, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1962 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2018 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
COLOMBIA (CONMEBOL)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Group stage
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Round of 16
1994 - USA Group stage
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Quarter-finals
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
22 9 3 10 32 30
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 7 7 4 28 18
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Third place in CONMEBOL qualifying tournament
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
4-1: v. Japan (group stage, 24/06/2014)
3-0: v. Greece (group stage, 14/06/2014)
3-0: v. Poland (group stage, 24/06/2018)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-5: v. Yugoslavia (group stage, 07/06/1962)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
7 - DIAZ Luis
66
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - MONDRAGON Faryd (1994, 1998, 2014)
3 - RINCON Freddy (1990, 1994, 1998)
3 - VALDERRAMA Carlos (1990, 1994, 1998)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 55d - BOLANO Jorge v. Tunisia (22/06/1998)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 116d - PRECIADO Leider v. Tunisia (22/06/1998)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
43y 3d - MONDRAGON Faryd v. Japan (24/06/2014)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 115d - ZULUAGA Francisco v. Uruguay (30/05/1962)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
6 - RODRIGUEZ James (6-2014)
3 - MINA Yerry (3-2018)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
10 - RINCON Freddy (4-1990; 3-1994; 3-1998)
10 - VALDERRAMA Carlos (4-1990; 3-1994; 3-1998)
9 - CUADRADO Juan (5-2014; 4-2018)
9 - OSPINA David (5-2014; 4-2018)
8 - RODRIGUEZ James (5-2014; 3-2018)
COLOMBIA (CONMEBOL)
67
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. Colombia 2-1 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Quarter-fina
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Colombia v. Côte d'Ivoire 2-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Côte d’Ivoire P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Germany FR v. Colombia 1-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Senegal v. Colombia 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Switzerland v. Colombia 0-2 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Colombia v. Tunisia 1-0 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
USA v. Colombia 2-1 (1-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Japan v. Colombia 1-4 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Colombia v. Japan 1-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Japan P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 5 GA 3
Uruguay v. Colombia 2-1 (0-1) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Colombia v. Uruguay 2-0 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Uruguay P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 2
Colombia v. England 0-2 (0-2) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Colombia v. England 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 3-4 PSO 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
v. England P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
COLOMBIA (CONMEBOL)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
68
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (2006, 2010, 2014)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 4 (2006, 2010, 2014, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2006 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2014 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
COTE D’IVOIRE (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
9 3 1 5 13 14
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 8 2 0 25 0
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group F winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-0: v. Korea DPR (group stage, 25/06/2010)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-3: v. Brazil (group stage, 20/06/2010)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
3 - FOFANA Seko
69
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - BARRY Boubacar (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - BOKA Arthur (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - DROGBA Didier (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - TOURE Kolo (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - TOURE Yaya (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - ZOKORA Didier (2006, 2010, 2014)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 172d - AURIER Serge v. Japan (14/06/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
24y 272d - KONE Bakary v. Netherlands (16/06/2006)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 105d - DROGBA Didier v. Greece (24/06/2014)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
32y 101d - DROGBA Didier v. Brazil (20/06/2010)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - DROGBA Didier (1-2006; 1-2010)
2 - DINDANE Aruna (2-2006)
2 - GERVINHO (2-2014)
2 - BONY Wilfried (2-2014)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
9 - TOURE Yaya (3-2006; 3-2010; 3-2014)
8 - DROGBA Didier (2-2006; 3-2010; 3-2014)
8 - ZOKORA Didier (3-2006; 3-2010; 2-2014)
7 - BARRY Boubacar (1-2006; 3-2010; 3-2014)
7 - BOKA Arthur (3-2006; 1-2010; 3-2014)
COTE D’IVOIRE (CAF)
70
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Argentina v. Côte d'Ivoire 2-1 (2-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Colombia v. Côte d'Ivoire 2-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Netherlands v. Côte d'Ivoire 2-1 (2-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Brazil v. Côte d'Ivoire 3-1 (1-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Côte d'Ivoire v. Japan 2-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Côte d'Ivoire v. Portugal 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
COTE D’IVOIRE (CAF)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
71
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Runners-up (2018)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1998, 2002, 2006, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1998 (third place)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (third place)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 4 (since 2014)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
CROATIA (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not participate
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not participate
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Did not participate
1998 - FRA Third place
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Runners-up
2022 - QAT Third place
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
30 13 8 9 43 33
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 7 1 0 26 4
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group L winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
4-0: v. Cameroon (group stage, 18/06/2014)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. Argentina (semi-finals, 13/12/2022)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
6 - KRAMARIC Andrej
72
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - MODRIC Luka (2006, 2014, 2018, 2022)
3 - Ten players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 37d - KOVACIC Mateo v. Brazil (12/06/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 328d - GVARDIOL Josko v. Morocco (17/12/2022)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 99d - MODRIC Luka v. Morocco (17/12/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 277d - OLIC Ivica v. Cameroon (18/06/2014)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
6 - SUKER Davor (6-1998)
6 - PERISIC Ivan (2-2014; 3-2018; 1-2022)
5 - MANDZUKIC Mario (2-2014; 3-2018)
3 - KRAMARIC Andrej (1-2018; 2-2022)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
19 - MODRIC Luka (2-2006; 3-2014; 7-2018; 7-2022)
17 - PERISIC Ivan (3-2014; 7-2018; 7-2022)
16 - LOVREN Dejan (3-2014; 7-2018; 6-2022)
15 - KOVACIC Mateo (3-2014; 5-2018; 7-2022)
CROATIA (UEFA)
73
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Croatia v. Australia 2-2 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Croatia v. Canada 4-1 (2-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Canada P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Ecuador v. Croatia 1-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Germany v. Croatia 0-3 (0-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Quarter-fina
v. Germany P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Croatia v. England 2-1 AET
(1-1, 0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Semi-fina
v. England P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Croatia v. Belgium 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Argentina v. Croatia 1-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Argentina v. Croatia 0-3 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Argentina v. Croatia 3-0 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Semi-fina
v. Argentina P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 3 GA 4
Brazil v. Croatia 1-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Brazil v. Croatia 3-1 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Croatia v. Brazil 1-1 AET
4-2 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. Brazil P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 2 GA 5
France v. Croatia 2-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Semi-fina
France v. Croatia 4-2 (2-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Fina
v. France P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 3 GA 6
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
CROATIA (UEFA)
74
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Netherlands v. Croatia 1-2 (1-2) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Match for third plac
v. Netherlands P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Croatia v. Mexico 0-1 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Croatia v. Mexico 1-3 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 1 GA 4
Morocco v. Croatia 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
Croatia v. Morocco 2-1 (2-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Play-off for third plac
v. Morocco P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
CROATIA (UEFA)
Japan v. Croatia 0-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Japan v. Croatia 0-0 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Japan v. Croatia 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-0) 1-3 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Japan P 3 W 1 D 2 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
75
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: N/A
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2026
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: N/A
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
CURAÇAO (Concacaf)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 7 3 0 28 5
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Concacaf Group B winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
*Participated as Netherlands Antilles from 
1962 to 2010
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - KASTANEER Gervane
76
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
N/A
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
N/A
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
N/A
There are no previous meetings for Curaçao.
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
CURAÇAO (Concacaf)
77
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Round of 16 (2006)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 5 (2002, 2006, 2014, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2002 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 2 (since 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
ECUADOR (CONMEBOL)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
13 5 2 6 14 14
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 8 8 2 14 5
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Second place in CONMEBOL qualifying tournament
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-0: v. Costa Rica (group stage, 15/06/2006)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. Germany (group stage, 20/06/2006)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
6 - VALENCIA Enner
78
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - MENDEZ Edison (2002, 2006, 2014)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 57d - GRUEZO Carlos v. Switzerland (15/06/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 27d - CAICEDO Moises v. Senegal (29/11/2022)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
35y 244d - GALINDEZ Hernan v. Senegal (29/11/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 21d - VALENCIA Enner v. Netherlands (25/11/2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
6 - VALENCIA Enner (3-2014; 3-2022)
3 - DELGADO Agustin (1-2002; 2-2006)
2 - TENORIO Carlos (2-2006)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
8 - MENDEZ Edison (3-2002; 4-2006; 1-2014)
7 - DE LA CRUZ Ulises (3-2002; 4-2006)
7 - VALENCIA Antonio (4-2006; 3-2014)
ECUADOR (CONMEBOL)
79
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Ecuador v. France 0-0 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Netherlands v. Ecuador 1-1 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Switzerland v. Ecuador 2-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Ecuador v. Croatia 1-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Croatia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Ecuador v. Germany 0-3 (0-2) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Qatar v. Ecuador 0-2 (0-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Qatar P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
England v. Ecuador 1-0 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Mexico v. Ecuador 2-1 (1-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Ecuador v. Senegal 1-2 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
ECUADOR (CONMEBOL)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
80
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: First round / Group stage (1934, 1990. 2018)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 4 (1930, 1990, 2018, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1934 (first round)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2018 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
EGYPT (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Group stage
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
7 0 2 5 5 12
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 8 2 0 20 2
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group A winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-4: v. Hungary (first round, 27/05/1934)
1-3: v. Russia (group stage, 19/06/2018)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
9 - MOHAMED SALAH
81
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
1 - 62 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 298d - MASOUD Kamel v. Hungary (27/05/1934)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
24y 289d - FAWZI Abdel Rahman v. Hungary (27/05/1934)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
45y 161d - ESSAM ELHADARY v. Saudi Arabia (25/06/2018)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
30y 320d - ABDELGHANY Magdy v. Netherlands (12/06/1990)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - FAWZI Abdel Rahman (2-1934)
2 - MOHAMED SALAH (2-2018)
1 - ABDELGHANY Magdy (1-1990)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
3: 22 players
EGYPT (CAF)
82
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Saudi Arabia v. Egypt 2-1 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
England v. Egypt 1-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Egypt v. Uruguay 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Netherlands v. Egypt 1-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
EGYPT (CAF)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
83
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (1966)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
17 (1950, 1954, 1958, 1962, 1966, 1970, 1982, 1986, 
1990, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 
2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1950 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (quarter-finals)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 8 (since 1998)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1966 (winners)
TEAM PROFILE
ENGLAND (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Group stage
1954 - SUI Quarter-finals
1958 - SWE Group stage
1962 - CHI Quarter-finals
1966 - ENG Winners
1970 - MEX Quarter-finals
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Second round
1986 - MEX Quarter-finals
1990 - ITA Fourth place
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Round of 16
2002 - JPN/KOR Quarter-finals
2006 - GER Quarter-finals
2010 - RSA Round of 16
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Fourth place
2022 - QAT Quarter-finals
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
74 32 22 20 104 68
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 8 0 0 22 0
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group K winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
6-1: v. Panama (group stage, 24/06/2018)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-4: v. Germany (round of 16, 27/06/2010)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
8 - KANE Harry
84
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - CHARLTON Bobby (1958, 1962, 1966, 1970)
3 - 21 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 183d - OWEN Michael v. Tunisia (15/06/1998)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 190d - OWEN Michael v. Romania (22/06/1998)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
40y 292d - SHILTON Peter v. Italy (07/07/1990)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 64d - FINNEY Tom v. Soviet Union (08/06/1958)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
10 - LINEKER Gary (6-1986; 4-1990)
8 - KANE Harry (6-2018; 2-2022)
5 - HURST Geoff (4-1966; 1-1970)
4 - CHARLTON Bobby (1-1962; 3-1966)
4 - OWEN Michael (2-1998; 2-2002)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
17 - SHILTON Peter (5-1982; 5-1986; 7-1990)
14 - BUTCHER Terry (4-1982; 5-1986; 5-1990)
14 - CHARLTON Bobby (4-1962; 6-1966; 4-1970)
14 - COLE Ashley (5-2002; 5-2006; 4-2010)
14 - MOORE Bobby (4-1962; 6-1966; 4-1970)
13 - BECKHAM David (3-1998; 5-2002; 5-2006)
ENGLAND (UEFA)
85
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Croatia v. England 2-1 AET
(1-1, 0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Semi-fina
v. Croatia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
England v. Algeria 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
England v. Austria 2-2 (0-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
England v. Argentina 3-1 (2-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
England v. Argentina 1-0 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. England 2-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. England 2-2 AET (2-2, 
2-2) 4-3 PSO 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Round of 1
Argentina v. England 0-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 5 W 3 D 1 L 1 GF 8 GA 5
England v. Belgium 4-4 AET
(3-3, 2-1) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
England v. Belgium 1-0 AET 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Round of 1
England v. Belgium 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Belgium v. England 2-0 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Play-off for third plac
v. Belgium P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 5 GA 7
Brazil v. England 0-0 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
Brazil v. England 3-1 (1-1) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. England 1-0 (0-0) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
England v. Brazil 1-2 (1-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Quarter-fina
v. Brazil P 4 W 0 D 1 L 3 GF 2 GA 6
Colombia v. England 0-2 (0-2) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Colombia v. England 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 3-4 PSO 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
v. Colombia P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
ENGLAND (UEFA)
86
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
England v. Ecuador 1-0 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. Ecuador P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
England v. Egypt 1-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Egypt P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
England v. IR Iran 6-2 (3-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 6 GA 2
England v. Mexico 2-0 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
England v. Morocco 0-0 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
England v. Netherlands 0-0 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
England v. Panama 6-1 (5-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Panama P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 6 GA 1
England v. France 2-0 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
England v. France 3-1 (1-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
England v. France 1-2 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. France P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 6 GA 3
England v. Germany FR 4-2 AET
(2-2, 1-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Fina
Germany FR v. England 3-2 AET
(2-2, 0-1) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Germany FR v. England 0-0 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
Germany FR v. England 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-3 PSO 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Semi-fina
Germany v. England 4-1 (2-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
v. Germany P 5 W 1 D 2 L 2 GF 8 GA 10
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
ENGLAND (UEFA)
87
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
England v. Senegal 3-0 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Senegal P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
England v. Switzerland 2-0 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
England v. Portugal 2-1 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Semi-fina
Portugal v. England 1-0 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
England v. Portugal 0-0 AET
1-3 PSO 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Quarter-fina
v. Portugal P 3 W 1 D 1 L 1 GF 2 GA 2
Uruguay v. England 4-2 (2-1) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Quarter-fina
England v. Uruguay 0-0 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Uruguay v. England 2-1 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 3 GA 6
USA v. England 1-0 (1-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
England v. USA 1-1 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
England v. USA 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. USA P 3 W 0 D 2 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
England v. Paraguay 3-0 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Round of 1
England v. Paraguay 1-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 0
England v. Tunisia 2-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Tunisia v. England 1-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Spain v. England 1-0 (0-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Spain v. England 0-0 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
v. Spain P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
ENGLAND (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
88
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (1998, 2018)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
17 (1930, 1934, 1938, 1954, 1958, 1966, 1978,
1982, 1986, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018,
2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (runners-up)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 8 (since 1998)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1938 (quarter-finals), 1998 (winners)
TEAM PROFILE
FRANCE (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Group stage
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA Quarter-finals
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Group stage
1958 - SWE Third place
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Group stage
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Group stage
1982 - ESP Fourth place
1986 - MEX Third place
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Winners
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Runners-up
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Quarter-finals
2018 - RUS Winners
2022 - QAT Runners-up
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
73 39 14 20 136 85
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
6 5 1 0 16 4
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group D winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
7-3: v. Paraguay (group stage, 08/06/1958)
4-0: v. Northern Ireland (quarter-finals, 19/06/1958)
4-0: v. Saudi Arabia (group stage, 18/06/1998)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-5: v. Brazil (semi-finals, 24/06/1958)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - MBAPPE Kylian
89
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - HENRY Thierry (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010)
4 - LLORIS Hugo (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 178d - MBAPPE Kylian v. Australia (16/06/2018)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 183d - MBAPPE Kylian v. Peru (21/06/2018)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 247d - MANDANDA Steve v. Tunisia (30/11/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 71d - GIROUD Olivier v. England (10/12/2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
13 - FONTAINE Just (13-1958)
12 - MBAPPE Kylian (4-2018; 8-2022)
6 - HENRY Thierry (3-1998; 3-2006)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
20 - LLORIS Hugo (3-2010; 5-2014; 6-2018; 6-2022)
19 - GRIEZMANN Antoine (5-2014; 7-2018; 7-2022)
18 - GIROUD Olivier (5-2014; 7-2018; 6-2022)
18 - VARANE Raphael (5-2014; 7-2018; 6-2022)
FRANCE (UEFA)
90
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Canada v. France 0-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Canada P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
France v. Belgium 3-1 (2-1) 1938 FIFA World Cup France™ First roun
France v. Belgium 4-2 AET
(2-2, 2-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Match for third plac
France v. Belgium 1-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Semi-fina
v. Belgium P 3 W 3 D 0 L 0 GF 8 GA 3
Argentina v. France 1-0 (0-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Argentina v. France 2-1 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
France v. Argentina 4-3 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
Argentina v. France 3-3 AET (2-2, 
2-0) 4-2 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Fina
v. Argentina P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 8 GA 9
Brazil v. France 5-2 (2-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Semi-fina
Brazil v. France 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 3-4 PSO 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. France 0-3 (0-2) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Fina
Brazil v. France 0-1 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Quarter-fina
v. Brazil P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 7 GA 6
France v. Australia 2-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
France v. Australia 4-1 (2-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Australia P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 6 GA 2
Austria v. France 3-2 AET
(1-1, 1-1) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
Austria v. France 0-1 (0-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
v. Austria P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 3
France v. Croatia 2-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Semi-fina
France v. Croatia 4-2 (2-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Fina
v. Croatia P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 6 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
FRANCE (UEFA)
91
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Portugal v. France 0-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Semi-fina
v. Portugal P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Ecuador v. France 0-0 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
France v. Korea Republic 1-1 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
France v. Morocco 2-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Semi-fina
v. Morocco P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
France v. Germany FR 6-3 (3-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Match for third plac
Germany FR v. France 3-3 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 5-4 PSO 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Semi-fina
France v. Germany FR 0-2 (0-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Semi-fina
France v. Germany 0-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Quarter-fina
v. Germany P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 9 GA 9
France v. Mexico 4-1 (3-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
France v. Mexico 3-2 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
France v. Mexico 1-1 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
France v. Mexico 0-2 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 8 GA 6
England v. France 2-0 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
England v. France 3-1 (1-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
England v. France 1-2 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. England P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 3 GA 6
France v. Paraguay 7-3 (2-2) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
France v. Paraguay 1-0 AET 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Round of 1
v. Paraguay P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 8 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
FRANCE (UEFA)
92
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
France v. Scotland 2-1 (2-0) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
France v. Senegal 0-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
France v. Saudi Arabia 4-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 0
Tunisia v. France 1-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Spain v. France 1-3 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. Spain P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Uruguay v. France 2-1 (2-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
France v. Uruguay 0-0 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Uruguay v. France 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
Uruguay v. France 0-2 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Quarter-fina
v. Uruguay P 4 W 1 D 2 L 1 GF 3 GA 2
France v. Switzerland 0-0 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Switzerland v. France 2-5 (0-3) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 5 GA 2
France v. South Africa 3-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
France v. South Africa 1-2 (0-2) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. South Africa P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
FRANCE (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
93
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (1954, 1974, 1990, 2014)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
21 (1934, 1938, 1954, 1958, 1962, 1966, 1970, 1974, 
1978, 1982, 1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 
2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1934 (third place)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 19 (since 1954)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1974 (winners) & 2006 (third place)
TEAM PROFILE
GERMANY (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Third place
1938 - FRA First round
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Winners
1958 - SWE Fourth place
1962 - CHI Quarter-finals
1966 - ENG Runners-up
1970 - MEX Third place
1974 - FRG Winners
1978 - ARG Second round
1982 - ESP Runners-up
1986 - MEX Runners-up
1990 - ITA Winners
1994 - USA Quarter-finals
1998 - FRA Quarter-finals
2002 - JPN/KOR Runners-up
2006 - GER Third place
2010 - RSA Third place
2014 - BRA Winners
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
112 68 21 23 232 130
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
6 5 0 1 16 3
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group A winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
8-0: v. Saudi Arabia (group stage, 01/06/2002)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-8: v. Hungary (group stage, 20/06/1954)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
4 - WOLTEMADE Nick
94
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
5 - MATTHAEUS Lothar (1982, 1986, 1990, 1994, 1998)
4 - seven players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 3d - MOUKOKO Youssoufa v. Japan (23/11/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 198d - CONEN Edmund v. Belgium (27/05/1934)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 236d - WALTER Fritz v. Sweden (24/06/1958)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 29d - KLOSE Miroslav v. Brazil (08/07/2014)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
16 - KLOSE Miroslav (5-2002; 5-2006; 4-2010; 2-2014)
14 - MUELLER Gerd (10-1970; 4-1974)
11 - KLINSMANN Juergen (3-1990; 5-1994; 3-1998)
10 - MUELLER Thomas (5-2010; 5-2014)
10 - RAHN Helmut (4-1954; 6-1958)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
25 - MATTHAEUS Lothar (2-1982; 7-1986; 7-1990; 5-1994; 4-1998)
24 - KLOSE Miroslav (7-2002; 7-2006; 5-2010; 5-2014)
21 - SEELER Uwe (5-1958; 4-1962; 6-1966; 6-1970)
20 - LAHM Philipp (7-2006; 6-2010; 7-2014)
20 - SCHWEINSTEIGER Bastian (7-2006; 7-2010; 6-2014)
GERMANY (UEFA)
95
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Germany FR v. Colombia 1-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Argentina v. Germany FR 1-3 (1-2) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Argentina 0-0 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Argentina v. Germany FR 3-2 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Fina
Germany FR v. Argentina 1-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Fina
Germany v. Argentina 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-2 PSO 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Quarter-fina
Argentina v. Germany 0-4 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
Germany v. Argentina 1-0 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Fina
v. Argentina P 7 W 4 D 2 L 1 GF 12 GA 5
Germany v. Austria 3-2 (3-1) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Match for third plac
Germany FR v. Austria 6-1 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Semi-fina
Austria v. Germany FR 3-2 (0-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
Germany FR v. Austria 1-0 (1-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. Austria P 4 W 3 D 0 L 1 GF 12 GA 6
Germany v. Belgium 5-2 (1-2) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
Germany v. Belgium 3-2 (3-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Round of 1
v. Belgium P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 8 GA 4
Germany v. Brazil 0-2 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Fina
Brazil v. Germany 1-7 (0-5) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Semi-fina
v. Brazil P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 7 GA 3
Germany FR v. Algeria 1-2 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
Germany v. Algeria 2-1 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Algeria P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 3
Australia v. Germany FR 0-3 (0-2) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Germany v. Australia 4-0 (2-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Australia P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 7 GA 0
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
GERMANY (UEFA)
96
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Germany v. Japan 1-2 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Germany v. Croatia 0-3 (0-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Quarter-fina
v. Croatia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Ecuador v. Germany 0-3 (0-2) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Germany v. IR Iran 2-0 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
England v. Germany FR 4-2 AET
(2-2, 1-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Fina
Germany FR v. England 3-2 AET
(2-2, 0-1) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Germany FR v. England 0-0 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
Germany FR v. England 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-3 PSO 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Semi-fina
Germany v. England 4-1 (2-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
v. England P 5 W 2 D 2 L 1 GF 10 GA 8
France v. Germany FR 6-3 (3-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Match for third plac
Germany FR v. France 3-3 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 5-4 PSO 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Semi-fina
France v. Germany FR 0-2 (0-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Semi-fina
France v. Germany 0-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Quarter-fina
v. France P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 9 GA 9
Ghana v. Germany 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
Germany v. Ghana 2-2 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Ghana P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
GERMANY (UEFA)
97
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Germany v. Saudi Arabia 8-0 (4-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 8 GA 0
Germany v. Paraguay 1-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Round of 1
v. Paraguay P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Germany FR v. Scotland 2-1 (1-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Germany FR v. Mexico 6-0 (4-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Mexico 0-0 AET
4-1 PSO 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Germany v. Mexico 2-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Round of 1
Germany v. Mexico 0-1 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 8 GA 2
Germany v. Korea Republic 3-2 (3-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Germany v. Korea Republic 1-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Semi-fina
Korea Republic v. Germany 2-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 4
Netherlands v. Germany FR 1-2 (1-2) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Fina
Germany FR v. Netherlands 2-2 (1-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
Germany FR v. Netherlands 2-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Round of 1
v. Netherlands P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 6 GA 4
Germany v. Portugal 3-1 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Match for third plac
Germany v. Portugal 4-0 (3-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 7 GA 1
Germany FR v. Morocco 2-1 (0-1) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Morocco v. Germany FR 0-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Round of 1
v. Morocco P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
GERMANY (UEFA)
98
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Germany FR v. Tunisia 0-0 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Germany FR v. Spain 2-1 (1-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Spain 2-1 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
Germany v. Spain 1-1 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Germany v. Spain 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Semi-fina
Spain v. Germany 1-1 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Spain P 5 W 2 D 2 L 1 GF 6 GA 5
Switzerland v. Germany 1-1 AET
(1-1, 1-1) 1938 FIFA World Cup France™ First roun
Switzerland v. Germany 4-2 (1-2) 1938 FIFA World Cup France™ First roun
Germany FR v. Switzerland 2-1 (1-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Switzerland 5-0 (3-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 4 W 2 D 1 L 1 GF 10 GA 6
Germany FR v. Uruguay 4-0 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Quarter-fina
Germany FR v. Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Match for third plac
Uruguay v. Germany FR 1-1 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Uruguay v. Germany 2-3 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Match for third plac
v. Uruguay P 4 W 3 D 1 L 0 GF 9 GA 3
Germany v. USA 2-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Germany v. USA 1-0 (1-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Quarter-fina
USA v. Germany 0-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. USA P 3 W 3 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 0
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
GERMANY (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
99
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Quarter-finals (2010)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 5 (2006, 2010, 2014, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2006 (round of 16)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 2 (since 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
GHANA (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Quarter-finals
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
15 5 3 7 18 23
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 8 1 1 23 6
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group I winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-0: v. Czechia (group stage, 17/06/2006)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. Brazil (round of 16, 27/06/2006)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
7 - AYEW Jordan
100
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - AYEW Andre (2010, 2014, 2022)
3 - GYAN Asamoah (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - MUNTARI Sulley (2006, 2010, 2014)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 269d - ISSAHAKU Fatawu v. Uruguay (02/12/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 82d - DRAMAN Haminu v. USA (22/06/2006)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 185d - ODOI Denis v. Korea Republic (28/11/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
32y 342d - AYEW Andre v. Portugal (24/11/2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
6 - GYAN Asamoah (1-2006; 3-2010; 2-2014)
3 - AYEW Andre (2-2014; 1-2022)
2 - KUDUS Mohammed (2-2022)
2 - MUNTARI Sulley (1-2006; 1-2010)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
11 - GYAN Asamoah (3-2006; 5-2010; 3-2014)
10 - AYEW Andre (4-2010; 3-2014; 3-2022)
9 - KINGSON Richard (4-2006; 5-2010)
9 - MUNTARI Sulley (3-2006; 4-2010; 2-2014)
9 - PANTSIL John (4-2006; 5-2010)
TEAM PROFILE
GHANA (CAF)
101
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. Ghana 3-0 (2-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Ghana v. Australia 1-1 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Korea Republic v. Ghana 2-3 (0-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
Ghana v. Germany 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
Germany v. Ghana 2-2 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Germany P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Portugal v. Ghana 2-1 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Portugal v. Ghana 3-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 3 GA 5
Uruguay v. Ghana 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-1) 4-2 PSO 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
Ghana v. Uruguay 0-2 (0-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Ghana v. USA 2-1 (2-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
USA v. Ghana 1-2 AET
(1-1, 0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Ghana v. USA 1-2 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. USA P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 5 GA 4
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
GHANA (CAF)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
102
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (1974)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 2 (1974, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1974 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 1974 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
HAITI (Concacaf)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not qualify
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Group stage
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
3 0 0 3 2 14
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 6 2 2 20 13
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Concacaf Group C winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-7: v. Poland (group stage, 19/06/1974)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
6 - NAZON Duckens
103
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
1 - 22 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 253d - RACINE Serge v. Poland (19/06/1974)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 355d - SANON Emmanuel v. Italy (15/06/1974)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
31y 245d - SAINT-VIL Guy v. Argentina (23/06/1974)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 363d - SANON Emmanuel v. Argentina (23/06/1974)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - SANON Emmanuel (2-1974)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
3 - ANTOINE Eddy (3-1974)
3 - BAYONNE Pierre (3-1974)
3 - DESIR Jean Claude (3-1974)
3 - FRANCILLON Henry (3-1974)
3 - NAZAIRE Wilner (3-1974)
3 - SANON Emmanuel (3-1974)
3 - VORBE Philippe (3-1974)
TEAM PROFILE
HAITI (Concacaf)
104
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Argentina v. Haiti 4-1 (2-0) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 4
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
HAITI (Concacaf)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
105
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (1978, 1998, 2006, 2014, 2018, 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1978, 1998, 2006, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1978 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 4 (since 2014)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
IR IRAN (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Group stage
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not participate
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
18 3 4 11 13 31
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
16 11 4 1 35 12
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC third round Group A winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-0: v. Wales (group stage, 25/11/2022)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-6: v. England (group stage, 21/11/2022)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
9 - TAREMI Mehdi
106
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - ANSARIFARD Karim (2014, 2018, 2022)
3 - HAJISAFI Ehsan (2014, 2018, 2022)
3 - JAHANBAKHSH Alireza (2014, 2018, 2022)
3 - SHOJAEI Masoud (2006, 2014, 2018)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 261d - KAEBI Hossein v. Mexico (11/06/2006)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 332d - MAHDAVIKIA Mehdi v. USA (21/06/1998)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 92d - DAEI Ali v. Angola (21/06/2006)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
35y 84d - GOLMOHAMMADI Yahya v. Mexico (11/06/2006)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - TAREMI Mehdi (2-2022)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
9 - HAJISAFI Ehsan (3-2014; 3-2018; 3-2022)
8 - JAHANBAKHSH Alireza (3-2014; 3-2018; 2-2022)
TEAM PROFILE
IR IRAN (AFC)
107
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
England v. IR Iran 6-2 (3-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 6
Morocco v. IR Iran 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Germany v. IR Iran 2-0 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
IR Iran v. Spain 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Netherlands v. IR Iran 3-0 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Argentina v. IR Iran 1-0 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Mexico v. IR Iran 3-1 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Scotland v. IR Iran 1-1 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Portugal v. IR Iran 2-0 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
IR Iran v. Portugal 1-1 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
USA v. IR Iran 1-2 (0-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
IR Iran v. USA 0-1 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. USA P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
IR IRAN (AFC)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
108
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Round of 16 (2002, 2010, 2018, 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 8 (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 
2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1998 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 8 (since 1998)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 2002 co-hosts (round of 16)
TEAM PROFILE
JAPAN (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Round of 16
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Round of 16
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
25 7 6 12 25 33
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
16 13 2 1 54 3
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC third round Group C winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-1: v. Denmark (group stage, 24/06/2010)
2-0: v. Tunisia (group stage, 14/06/2002)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-4: v. Brazil (group stage, 22/06/2006)
1-4: v. Colombia (group stage, 24/06/2014)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
8 - UEDA Ayase
109
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - KAWAGUCHI Yoshikatsu (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010)
4 - NARAZAKI Seigo (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010)
4 - NAGATOMO Yuto (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
4 - KAWASHIMA Eiji (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 272d - ONO Shinji v. Jamaica (26/06/1998)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 259d - INAMOTO Junichi v. Belgium (04/06/2002)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 84d - NAGATOMO Yuto v. Croatia (05/12/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
32y 11d - HONDA Keisuke v. Senegal (24/06/2018)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
4 - HONDA Keisuke (2-2010; 1-2014; 1-2018)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
15 - NAGATOMO Yuto (4-2010; 3-2014; 4-2018; 4-2022)
11 - HASEBE Makoto (4-2010; 3-2014; 4-2018)
11 - KAWASHIMA Eiji (4-2010; 3-2014; 4-2018)
11 - YOSHIDA Maya (3-2014; 4-2018; 4-2022)
TEAM PROFILE
JAPAN (AFC)
110
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
Australia v. Japan 3-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Germany v. Japan 1-2 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Japan v. Brazil 1-4 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 4
Netherlands v. Japan 1-0 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Argentina v. Japan 1-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Côte d'Ivoire v. Japan 2-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Côte d’Ivoire P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Paraguay v. Japan 0-0 AET
5-3 PSO 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
v. Paraguay P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Japan v. Belgium 2-2 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Belgium v. Japan 3-2 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
v. Belgium P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 4 GA 5
Japan v. Colombia 1-4 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Colombia v. Japan 1-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 5
Japan v. Croatia 0-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Japan v. Croatia 0-0 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Japan v. Croatia 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-0) 1-3 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Croatia P 3 W 0 D 2 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
JAPAN (AFC)
111
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Japan v. Spain 2-1 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Tunisia v. Japan 0-2 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Japan v. Senegal 2-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
JAPAN (AFC)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
112
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: N/A
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2026
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: N/A
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
JORDAN (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not participate
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
16 8 5 3 32 12
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC third round Group B runners-up
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
9 - ALI OLWAN
113
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
N/A
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
N/A
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
N/A
There are no previous meetings for Jordan.
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
JORDAN (AFC)
114
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Fourth place (2002)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 12 (1954, 1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 
2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1954 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 11 (since 1986)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 2002 co-hosts (fourth place)
TEAM PROFILE
KOREA REPUBLIC (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Group stage
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Group stage
1990 - ITA Group stage
1994 - USA Group stage
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Fourth place
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Round of 16
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
38 7 10 21 39 78
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
16 11 5 0 40 8
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC third round Group B winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-0: v. Poland (group stage, 04/06/2002)
2-0: v. Greece (group stage, 12/06/2010)
2-0: v. Germany (group stage, 27/06/2018)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-9 v. Hungary (group stage, 17/06/1954)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
10 - SON Heungmin
115
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - HONG Myungbo (1990, 1994, 1998, 2002)
4 - HWANG Sun Hong (1990, 1994, 1998, 2002)
4 - LEE Woonjae (1994, 2002, 2006, 2010)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 52d - LEE Donggook vs Netherlands (20/06/1998)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 214d - KIM Jong Boo vs Bulgaria (05/06/1986)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 169d - YUNG Kook Chin vs Türkiye (20/06/1954)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 325d - HWANG Sun Hong vs Poland (04/06/2002)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
3 - AHN Jung Hwan (2-2002; 1-2006)
3 - PARK Jisung (1-2002; 1-2006; 1-2010)
3 - SON Heungmin (1-2014; 2-2018)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
16 - HONG Myungbo (3-1990; 3-1994; 3-1998; 7-2002)
14 - PARK Jisung (7-2002; 3-2006; 4-2010)
12 - LEE Youngpyo (5-2002; 3-2006; 4-2010)
TEAM PROFILE
KOREA REPUBLIC (AFC)
116
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. Korea Republic 4-1 (4-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 4
France v. Korea Republic 1-1 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Korea Republic v. Algeria 2-4 (0-3) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 4
Netherlands v. Korea Republic 5-0 (2-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 5
Korea Republic v. Ghana 2-3 (0-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Ghana P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Germany v. Korea Republic 3-2 (3-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Germany v. Korea Republic 1-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Semi-fina
Korea Republic v. Germany 2-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Germany P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 4 GA 4
Korea Republic v. Mexico 1-3 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Korea Republic v. Mexico 1-2 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 2 GA 5
Belgium v. Korea Republic 2-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Belgium v. Korea Republic 1-1 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Korea Republic v. Belgium 0-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 1 GA 4
Argentina v. Korea Republic 3-1 (2-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Argentina v. Korea Republic 4-1 (2-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 2 GA 7
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
KOREA REPUBLIC (AFC)
117
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Korea Republic v. USA 1-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Switzerland v. Korea Republic 2-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Korea Republic v. Uruguay 0-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Uruguay v. Korea Republic 2-1 (1-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Uruguay v. Korea Republic 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 1 GA 3
Korea Republic v. Spain 1-3 (1-1) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Spain v. Korea Republic 2-2 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Spain v. Korea Republic 0-0 AET
3-5 PSO 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Quarter-fina
v. Spain P 3 W 0 D 2 L 1 GF 3 GA 5
Portugal v. Korea Republic 0-1 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Korea Republic v. Portugal 2-1 (1-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
KOREA REPUBLIC (AFC)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
118
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Quarter-finals (1970, 1986)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
18 (1930, 1950, 1954, 1958, 1962, 1966, 1970, 1978, 
1986, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 
2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 9 (since 1994)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1970 (quarter-finals), 1986 (quarter-finals), 2026 
co-hosts
TEAM PROFILE
MEXICO (Concacaf)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Group stage
1934 - ITA Did not qualify
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Group stage
1954 - SUI Group stage
1958 - SWE Group stage
1962 - CHI Group stage
1966 - ENG Group stage
1970 - MEX Quarter-finals
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Group stage
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Quarter-finals
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Round of 16
1998 - FRA Round of 16
2002 - JPN/KOR Round of 16
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Round of 16
2014 - BRA Round of 16
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
60 17 15 28 62 101
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
As hosts
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
4-0: v. El Salvador (group stage, 07/06/1970)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-6: v. Germany FR (group stage, 06/06/1978)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
N/A
119
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
5 - CARBAJAL Antonio (1950, 1954, 1958, 1962, 1966)
5 - MARQUEZ Rafael (2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
5 - GUARDADO Andres (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
5 - OCHOA Guillermo (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 87d - ROSAS Manuel v. France (13/07/1930)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 93d - ROSAS Manuel v. Argentina (19/07/1930)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 139d - MARQUEZ Rafael v. Brazil (02/07/2018)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 151d - BLANCO Cuauhtemoc v. France (17/06/2010)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
19 - MARQUEZ Rafael (4-2002; 4-2006; 4-2010; 4-2014; 3-2018)
13 - GUARDADO Andres (1-2006; 3-2010; 4-2014; 4-2018; 1-2022)
12 - HENDANDEZ Javier (4-2010; 4-2014; 4-2018)
12 - MORENO Hector (2-2010; 4-2014; 3-2018; 3-2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
4 - HERNANDEZ Javier (2-2010; 1-2014; 1-2018)
4 - HERNANDEZ Luis (4-1998)
3 - BLANCO Cuauhtemoc (1-1998; 1-2002; 1-2010)
3 - MARQUEZ Rafael (1-2006; 1-2010; 1-2014)
TEAM PROFILE
MEXICO (Concacaf)
120
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
England v. Mexico 2-0 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Mexico v. Ecuador 2-1 (1-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Brazil v. Mexico 4-0 (1-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 5-0 (4-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 2-0 (0-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 0-0 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Brazil v. Mexico 2-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
v. Brazil P 5 W 0 D 1 L 4 GF 0 GA 13
Argentina v. Mexico 6-3 (3-1) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Argentina v. Mexico 2-1 AET
(1-1, 1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
Argentina v. Mexico 3-1 (2-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Argentina v. Mexico 2-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 4 W 0 D 0 L 4 GF 5 GA 13
France v. Mexico 4-1 (3-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
France v. Mexico 3-2 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
France v. Mexico 1-1 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
France v. Mexico 0-2 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. France P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 6 GA 8
Croatia v. Mexico 0-1 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Croatia v. Mexico 1-3 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Croatia P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Mexico v. Belgium 1-0 (1-0) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Belgium v. Mexico 1-2 (1-2) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Belgium v. Mexico 2-2 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 5 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
MEXICO (Concacaf)
121
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Mexico v. IR Iran 3-1 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
South Africa v. Mexico 1-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. South Africa P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Spain v. Mexico 1-0 (0-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Saudi Arabia v. Mexico 1-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Norway v. Mexico 1-0 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Norway P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Mexico v. Paraguay 1-1 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Portugal v. Mexico 2-1 (2-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Germany FR v. Mexico 6-0 (4-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Mexico 0-0 AET
4-1 PSO 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Germany v. Mexico 2-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Round of 1
Germany v. Mexico 0-1 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Germany P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 2 GA 8
Korea Republic v. Mexico 1-3 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Korea Republic v. Mexico 1-2 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 5 GA 2
Netherlands v. Mexico 2-2 (2-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Netherlands v. Mexico 2-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Netherlands P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 3 GA 4
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
MEXICO (Concacaf)
122
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Mexico v. USA 0-2 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Round of 1
v. USA P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Tunisia v. Mexico 3-1 (0-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Switzerland v. Mexico 2-1 (2-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Uruguay v. Mexico 0-0 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Mexico v. Uruguay 0-1 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
MEXICO (Concacaf)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
123
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Fourth place (2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1970, 1986, 1994, 1998, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1970 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (fourth place)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 3 (since 2018)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
MOROCCO (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Group stage
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Round of 16
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Group stage
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Fourth place
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
23 5 7 11 20 27
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 8 0 0 22 2
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group E winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-0: v. Scotland (group stage, 23/06/1998)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. Peru (group stage, 06/06/1970)
0-3: v. Brazil (group stage, 16/06/1998)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
4 - EL KAABI Ayoub
124
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
2 - 16 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 221d - EL KHANNOUSS Bilal v. Croatia (17/12/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 24d - EN NESYRI Youssef v. Spain (25/06/2018)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 314d - BOUSSOUFA Mbark v. Spain (25/06/2018)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
32y 246d - SAISS Romain v. Belgium (27/11/2022)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
10 - HAKIMI Achraf (3-2018; 7-2022)
10 - ZIYECH Hakim (3-2018; 7-2022)
8 - AMRABAT Sofyan (1-2018; 7-2022)
8 - EN NESYRI Youssef (1-2018; 7-2022)
8 - SAISS Romain (2-2018; 6-2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
3 - EN NESYRI Youssef (1-2018; 2-2022)
2 - BASSIR Salaheddine (2-1998)
2 - HADDA Abdeljalil (2-1998)
2 - KHAIRI Abdelrazzak (2-1986)
TEAM PROFILE
MOROCCO (CAF)
125
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
England v. Morocco 0-0 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Canada v. Morocco 1-2 (1-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Canada P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Brazil v. Morocco 3-0 (2-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Morocco v. Norway 2-2 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Norway P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
France v. Morocco 2-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Semi-fina
v. France P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Morocco v. IR Iran 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Morocco v. Netherlands 1-2 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Morocco v. Croatia 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
Croatia v. Morocco 2-1 (2-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Play-off for third plac
v. Croatia P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Germany FR v. Morocco 2-1 (0-1) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Morocco v. Germany FR 0-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Round of 1
v. Germany P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 1 GA 3
Belgium v. Morocco 1-0 (1-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Belgium v. Morocco 0-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
MOROCCO (CAF)
126
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Scotland v. Morocco 0-3 (0-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Portugal v. Morocco 1-3 (0-2) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Portugal v. Morocco 1-0 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Morocco v. Portugal 1-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. Portugal P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 2
Spain v. Morocco 2-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Morocco v. Spain 0-0 AET
3-0 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Spain P 2 W 0 D 2 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Saudi Arabia v. Morocco 2-1 (2-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
MOROCCO (CAF)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
127
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Runners-up (1974, 1978, 2010)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 12 (1934, 1938, 1974, 1978, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2006, 
2010, 2014, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1934 (first round)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (quarter-finals)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 2 (since 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
NETHERLANDS (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA First round
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Runners-up
1978 - ARG Runners-up
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Round of 16
1994 - USA Quarter-finals
1998 - FRA Fourth place
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Runners-up
2014 - BRA Third place
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Quarter-finals
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
55 30 14 11 96 52
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 6 2 0 27 4
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group G winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
5-0: v. Korea Republic (group stage, 20/06/1998)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. Czechoslovakia (first round, 05/06/1938)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
8 - DEPAY Memphis
128
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - KUYT Dirk (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - OOIJER Andre (1998, 2006, 2010)
3 - ROBBEN Arjen (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - SNEIJDER Wesley (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - VAN BRONCKHORST Giovanni (1998, 2006, 2010)
3 - VAN DER SAR Edwin (1994, 1998, 2006)
3 - VAN PERSIE Robin (2006, 2010, 2014)
3 - WINTER Aron (1990, 1994, 1998)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 142d - DE HARDER Bertus v. Czechoslovakia (05/06/1938)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 125d - DEPAY Memphis v. Australia (18/06/2014)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 212d - JONGBLOED Jan v. Argentina (25/06/1978)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
35y 151d - VAN BRONCKHORST Giovanni v. Uruguay (06/07/2010)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
7 - REP Johnny (4-1974; 3-1978)
6 - BERGKAMP Dennis (3-1994; 3-1998)
6 - RENSENBRINK Rob (1-1974; 5-1978)
6 - ROBBEN Arjen (1-2006; 2-2010; 3-2014)
6 - SNEIJDER Wesley (5-2010; 1-2014)
6 - VAN PERSIE Robin (1-2006; 1-2010; 4-2014)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
17 - SNEIJDER Wesley (4-2006; 7-2010; 6-2014)
17 - VAN PERSIE Robin (4-2006; 7-2010; 6-2014)
15 - KUYT Dirk (3-2006; 7-2010; 5-2014)
15 - ROBBEN Arjen (3-2006; 5-2010; 7-2014)
NETHERLANDS (UEFA)
129
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Netherlands v. Croatia 1-2 (1-2) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Match for third plac
v. Croatia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Australia v. Netherlands 2-3 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
Netherlands v. Austria 5-1 (3-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
v. Austria P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 5 GA 1
Netherlands v. Argentina 4-0 (2-0) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Second round (group
Argentina v. Netherlands 3-1 AET
(1-1, 1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Fina
Netherlands v. Argentina 2-1 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Quarter-fina
Netherlands v. Argentina 0-0 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Netherlands v. Argentina 0-0 AET
2-4 PSO 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Semi-fina
Netherlands v. Argentina 2-2 AET (2-2, 
0-1) 3-4 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. Argentina P 6 W 2 D 3 L 1 GF 9 GA 6
Netherlands v. Brazil 2-0 (0-0) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Second round (group
Netherlands v. Brazil 2-3 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. Netherlands 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-2 PSO 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Semi-fina
Netherlands v. Brazil 2-1 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
Brazil v. Netherlands 0-3 (0-2) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Play-off for third plac
v. Brazil P 5 W 3 D 1 L 1 GF 10 GA 5
Belgium v. Netherlands 1-0 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Netherlands v. Belgium 0-0 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Netherlands v. Côte d'Ivoire 2-1 (2-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Côte d’Ivoire P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
NETHERLANDS (UEFA)
130
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Morocco v. Netherlands 1-2 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Portugal v. Netherlands 1-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. Portugal P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Netherlands v. Qatar 2-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Qatar P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Netherlands v. IR Iran 3-0 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Netherlands v. Japan 1-0 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Netherlands v. Korea Republic 5-0 (2-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 5 GA 0
Netherlands v. Ecuador 1-1 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Netherlands v. Egypt 1-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Egypt P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Netherlands v. Germany FR 1-2 (1-2) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Fina
Germany FR v. Netherlands 2-2 (1-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Second round (group
Germany FR v. Netherlands 2-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Round of 1
v. Germany P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 4 GA 6
Netherlands v. Mexico 2-2 (2-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Netherlands v. Mexico 2-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Mexico P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 4 GA 3
England v. Netherlands 0-0 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
NETHERLANDS (UEFA)
131
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Netherlands v. USA 3-1 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. USA P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Switzerland v. Netherlands 3-2 (2-1) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
v. Switzerland P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Netherlands v. Saudi Arabia 2-1 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Scotland v. Netherlands 3-2 (1-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Uruguay v. Netherlands 0-2 (0-1) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Uruguay v. Netherlands 2-3 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Semi-fina
v. Uruguay P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 5 GA 2
Senegal v. Netherlands 0-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Netherlands v. Spain 0-1 AET 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Fina
Spain v. Netherlands 1-5 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Spain P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 5 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
NETHERLANDS (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
132
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (1982, 2010)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 3 (1982, 2010, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1982 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2010 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
NEW ZEALAND (OFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Group stage
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
6 0 3 3 4 14
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
5 5 0 0 29 1
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
OFC third round winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-4: v. Brazil (group stage, 23/06/1982)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
9 - WOOD Chris
133
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
1 - 45 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 190d - WOOD Chris v. Slovakia (15/06/2010)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 347d - REID Winston v. Slovakia (15/06/2010)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 14d - ELLIOTT Simon v. Paraguay (24/06/2010)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
28y 264d - SMELTZ Shane v. Italy (20/06/2010)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
1 - REID Winston (1-2010)
1 - SMELTZ Shane (1-2010)
1 - SUMNER Steve (1-1982)
1 - WOODDIN Steve (1-1982)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
3 - 22 players
NEW ZEALAND (OFC)
134
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Brazil v. New Zealand 4-0 (2-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 4
Paraguay v. New Zealand 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Scotland v. New Zealand 5-2 (3-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 5
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
NEW ZEALAND (OFC)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
135
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Round of 16 (1938, 1998)
*first round was a round of 16 in 1938
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 4 (1938, 1994, 1998, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1938 (first round)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 1998 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
NORWAY (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA First round
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Group stage
1998 - FRA Round of 16
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
8 2 3 3 7 8
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
8 8 0 0 37 5
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group I winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-1: v. Brazil (group stage, 23/06/1998)
1-0: v. Mexico (group stage, 19/06/1994)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-2: v. Italy (first round, 05/06/1938) aet
0-1: v. Italy (group stage, 23/06/1994)
0-1: v. Italy (round of 16, 27/06/1998)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
16 - HAALAND Erling
136
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
2 - 11 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 317d - BRYNILDSEN Knut v. Italy (05/06/1938)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
25y 8d - FLO Tore v. Brazil (23/06/1998)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 319d - JOHANSEN Henry v. Italy (05/06/1938)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
29y 229d - REKDAL Kjetil v. Brazil (23/06/1998)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - REKDAL Kjetil (1-1994; 1-1998)
1 - BRUSTAD Arne (1-1938)
1 - EGGEN Dan (1-1998)
1 - FLO Havard (1-1998)
1 - FLO Tore Andre (1-1998)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
7 - BERG Henning (3-1994; 4-1998)
7 - BJORNEBYE Stig (3-1994; 4-1998)
7 - REKDAL Kjetil (3-1994; 4-1998)
6 - LEONHARDSEN Oyvind (3-1994; 3-1998)
6 - MYKLAND Erik (3-1994; 3-1998)
NORWAY (UEFA)
137
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Morocco v. Norway 2-2 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Brazil v. Norway 1-2 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Norway v. Mexico 1-0 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Scotland v. Norway 1-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
NORWAY (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
138
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (2018)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 2 (2018, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2018 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2018 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
PANAMA (Concacaf)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
3 0 0 3 2 11
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 7 3 0 19 5
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Concacaf Group A winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-6: v. England (group stage, 24/06/2018)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
3 - FAJARDO Jose, RODRIGUEZ Jose Luis
139
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
1 - 23 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 364d - RODRIGUEZ Jose Luis v. Belgium (18/06/2018)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 120d - BALOY Felipe v. England (24/06/2018)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 120d - BALOY Felipe v. England (24/06/2018)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
37y 120d - BALOY Felipe v. England (24/06/2018)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
1 - BALOY Felipe (1-2018)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
3 - BARCENAS Edgar (3-2018)
3 - ESCOBAR Fidel (3-2018)
3 - GODOY Anibal (3-2018)
3 - GOMEZ Gabriel (3-2018)
3 - PENEDO Jaime (3-2018)
3 - RODRIGUEZ Jose Luis (3-2018)
3 - TORRES Roman (3-2018)
PANAMA (Concacaf)
140
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Panama v. Tunisia 1-2 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Belgium v. Panama 3-0 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
England v. Panama 6-1 (5-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 6
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
PANAMA (Concacaf)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
141
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Quarter-finals (2010)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 9 (1930, 1950, 1958, 1986, 1998, 2002, 2006, 
2010, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2010 (quarter-finals)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
PARAGUAY (CONMEBOL)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Group stage
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Group stage
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Group stage
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Round of 16
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Round of 16
2002 - JPN/KOR Round of 16
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Quarter-finals
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
27 7 10 10 30 38
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 7 7 4 14 10
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Sixth place in CONMEBOL qualifying tournament
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-1: twice, most recently, v. Slovenia (group stage, 12/06/2002)
2-0: twice, most recently, v. Slovakia (group stage, 20/06/2010)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-7: v. France (group stage, 08/06/1958)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
4 - SANABRIA Antonio
142
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - CANIZA Denis (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 162d - ECHAGUE Eligio v. Scotland (11/06/1958)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 124d - RE Cayetano v. Scotland (11/06/1958)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 323d - CHILAVERT Jose Luis v. Germany (15/06/2002)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
31y 305d - CAMPOS Jorge v. Slovenia (12/06/2002)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
3 - CUEVAS Nelson (2-2002; 1-2006)
2 - AGUERO Juan (2-1958)
2 - AMARILLA Florencio (2-1958)
2 - CABANAS Roberto (2-1986)
2 - PARODI Jose (2-1958)
2 - ROMERO Jorge (2-1958)
2 - ROMERO Julio Cesar (2-1986)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
12 - CANIZA Denis (4-1998; 4-2002; 3-2006; 1-2010)
12 - SANTA CRUZ Roque (4-2002; 3-2006; 5-2010)
11 - ACUNA Roberto (4-1998; 4-2002; 3-2006)
11 - GAMARRA Carlos (4-1998; 4-2002; 3-2006)
9 - PAREDES Carlos (4-1998; 2-2002; 3-2006)
TEAM PROFILE
PARAGUAY (CONMEBOL)
143
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
USA v. Paraguay 3-0 (2-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Mexico v. Paraguay 1-1 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Germany v. Paraguay 1-0 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Round of 1
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Paraguay v. Japan 0-0 AET
5-3 PSO 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
v. Japan P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Spain v. Paraguay 0-0 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Spain v. Paraguay 3-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Paraguay v. Spain 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
v. Spain P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2 GF 1 GA 4
Paraguay v. Belgium 1-0 (1-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Paraguay v. Belgium 2-2 (0-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
Paraguay v. New Zealand 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. New Zealand P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Paraguay v. Scotland 3-2 (2-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
Paraguay v. South Africa 2-2 (1-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. South Africa P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
England v. Paraguay 3-0 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Round of 1
England v. Paraguay 1-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. England P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 0 GA 4
France v. Paraguay 7-3 (2-2) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
France v. Paraguay 1-0 AET 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Round of 1
v. France P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 3 GA 8
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
PARAGUAY (CONMEBOL)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
144
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Third place (1966)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 9 (1966, 1986, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 
2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1966 (third place)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (quarter-finals)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 7 (since 2002)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: n/a
TEAM PROFILE
PORTUGAL (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not qualify
1938 - FRA Did not qualify
1950 - BRA Did not qualify
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Third place
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Group stage
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Fourth place
2010 - RSA Round of 16
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Quarter-finals
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
35 17 6 12 61 41
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
6 4 1 1 20 7
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group I winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
7-0: v. Korea DPR (group stage, 21/06/2010)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-4: v. Germany (group stage, 16/06/2014)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - CRISTIANO RONALDO
145
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
5 - CRISTIANO RONALDO (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 33d - ANTONIO SILVA v. Korea Republic (02/12/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 132d - CRISTIANO RONALDO v. IR Iran (17/06/2006)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 287d - PEPE v. Morocco (10/12/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 283d - PEPE v. Switzerland (06/12/2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
9 - EUSEBIO (9-1966)
8 - CRISTIANO RONALDO (1-2006; 1-2010; 1-2014; 4-2018; 1-2022)
4 - PAULETA (3-2002; 1-2006)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
22 - CRISTIANO RONALDO (6-2006; 4-2010; 3-2014; 4-2018; 5-2022)
12 - PEPE (2-2010; 2-2014; 4-2018; 4-2022)
11 - SIMAO (7-2006; 4-2010)
TEAM PROFILE
PORTUGAL (UEFA)
146
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Portugal v. Mexico 2-1 (2-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Côte d'Ivoire v. Portugal 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Côte d’Ivoire P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Portugal v. France 0-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Semi-fina
v. France P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Portugal v. Brazil 3-1 (2-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Portugal v. Brazil 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
England v. Portugal 2-1 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Semi-fina
Portugal v. England 1-0 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
England v. Portugal 0-0 AET
1-3 PSO 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Quarter-fina
v. England P 3 W 1 D 1 L 1 GF 2 GA 2
Portugal v. Ghana 2-1 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Portugal v. Ghana 3-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Ghana P 2 W 2 D 0 L 0 GF 5 GA 3
Portugal v. IR Iran 2-0 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
IR Iran v. Portugal 1-1 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Portugal v. Korea Republic 0-1 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Korea Republic v. Portugal 2-1 (1-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 1 GA 3
Germany v. Portugal 3-1 (0-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Match for third plac
Germany v. Portugal 4-0 (3-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Germany P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 1 GA 7
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
PORTUGAL (UEFA)
147
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Portugal v. Netherlands 1-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. Netherlands P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Portugal v. Switzerland 6-1 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Switzerland P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 6 GA 1
Portugal v. Morocco 1-3 (0-2) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Portugal v. Morocco 1-0 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Morocco v. Portugal 1-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Quarter-fina
v. Morocco P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 2 GA 4
Spain v. Portugal 1-0 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Portugal v. Spain 3-3 (2-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Spain P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 3 GA 4
USA v. Portugal 3-2 (3-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
USA v. Portugal 2-2 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. USA P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 4 GA 5
Uruguay v. Portugal 2-1 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
Portugal v. Uruguay 2-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
PORTUGAL (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
148
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 2 (2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 2 (since 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 2022 (group stage)
TEAM PROFILE
QATAR (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
3 0 0 3 1 7
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 10 3 5 37 28
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC fourth round Group A winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-3: v. Senegal (group stage, 25/11/2022)
0-2: twice, most recently, v. Netherlands (group stage, 29/11/2022)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
12 - ALMOEZ ALI
149
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
1 - 26 players
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
23y 63d - MOHAMMED WAAD v. Ecuador (20/11/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
28y 340d - MOHAMMED MUNTARI v. Senegal (25/11/2022)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
32y 332d - ABDULAZIZ HATEM v. Netherlands (29/11/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
28y 340d - MOHAMMED MUNTARI v. Senegal (25/11/2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
1 - MOHAMMED MUNTARI (1-2022)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
3 - ALMOEZ ALI (2022)
3 - BOUALEM KHOUKHI (2022)
3 - HOMAM AHMED (2022)
3 - HASSAN ALHAYDOS (2022)
3 - AKRAM AFIF (2022)
3 - ABDULAZIZ HATEM (2022)
3 - PEDRO MIGUEL (2022)
3- ABDELKARIM HASSAN (2022)
3 - KARIM BOUDIAF (2022)
3 - MOHAMMED MUNTARI (2022)
QATAR (AFC)
150
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Qatar v. Senegal 1-3 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Qatar v. Ecuador 0-2 (0-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Netherlands v. Qatar 2-0 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
QATAR (AFC)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
151
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Round of 16 (1994)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1994 (round of 16)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 3 (since 2018)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: n/a
TEAM PROFILE
SAUDI ARABIA (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Round of 16
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
19 4 2 13 14 44
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 8 6 4 22 13
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC fourth round Group B winners
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-8: v. Germany (group stage, 01/06/2002)
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-1: three times, most recently, v. Argentina (group stage, 22/11/2022)
1-0: v. Belgium (group stage, 29/06/1994)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - FERAS ALBRIKAN
152
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - AL DEAYEA Mohammed (1994, 1998, 2002, 2006)
4 - AL JABER Sami (1994, 1998, 2002, 2006)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
3 - AL JABER Sami (1-1994; 1-1998; 1-2006)
3 - SALEM ALDAWSARI (1-2018; 2-2022)
2 - AMIN Fuad (2-1994)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
10 - AL DEAYEA Mohammed (4-1994; 3-1998; 3-2002)
9 - AL JABER Sami (2-1994; 3-1998; 1-2002; 3-2006)
9 - AL SULAIMANI Hussein (3-1998; 3-2002; 3-2006)
9 - ZUBROMAWI Abdullah (3-1994; 3-1998; 3-2002)
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 222d - ZUBROMAWI Abdullah v. Morocco (25/06/1994)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 336d - AL GHESHEYAN Fahad v. Sweden (03/07/1994)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 240d - ABDULLAH Majed v. Belgium (29/06/1994)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 218d - AL TUNAYAN Youssef v. South Africa (24/06/1998)
SAUDI ARABIA (AFC)
153
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Saudi Arabia v. Egypt 2-1 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Egypt P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Saudi Arabia v. Mexico 1-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
South Africa v. Saudi Arabia 2-2 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. South Africa P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Uruguay v. Saudi Arabia 1-0 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Argentina v. Saudi Arabia 1-2 (1-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
France v. Saudi Arabia 4-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 4
Saudi Arabia v. Morocco 2-1 (2-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Saudi Arabia v. Spain 0-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Belgium v. Saudi Arabia 0-1 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Germany v. Saudi Arabia 8-0 (4-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 8
Netherlands v. Saudi Arabia 2-1 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Tunisia v. Saudi Arabia 2-2 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SAUDI ARABIA (AFC)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
154
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (1954, 1958, 1974, 1978, 1982, 1986,
1990, 1998)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 9 (1954, 1958, 1974, 1978, 1982, 1986, 1990, 1998, 
2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1954 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 1998 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
SCOTLAND (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Group stage
1958 - SWE Group stage
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Group stage
1978 - ARG Group stage
1982 - ESP Group stage
1986 - MEX Group stage
1990 - ITA Group stage
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
23 4 7 12 25 41
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
6 4 1 1 13 7
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group C winners
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-7: v. Uruguay (group stage, 19/06/1954)
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
5-2: v. New Zealand (group stage, 15/06/1982)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
2 - ADAMS Che, CHRISTIE Ryan, McTOMINAY Scott
155
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - LEIGHTON Jim (1982, 1986, 1990, 1998)
3 - DALGLISH Kenny (1974, 1978, 1982)
3 - JORDAN Joe (1974, 1978, 1982)
3 - McLEISH Alex (1982, 1986, 1990)
3 - ROUGH Alan (1978, 1982, 1986)
3 - SOUNESS Graeme (1978, 1982, 1986)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
4 - JORDAN Joe (2-1974; 1-1978; 1-1982)
2 - DALGLISH Kenny (1-1978; 1-1982)
2 - GEMMILL Archie (2-1978)
2 - WARK John (2-1982)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
9 - LEIGHTON Jim (3-1986; 3-1990; 3-1998)
8 - DALGLISH Kenny (3-1974; 3-1978; 2-1982)
7 - JORDAN Joe (3-1974; 3-1978; 1-1982)
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
21y 234d - McSTAY Paul v. Uruguay (13/06/1986)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
22y 181d - JORDAN Joe v. Zaire (14/06/1974)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
39y 334d - LEIGHTON Jim v Morocco (23/06/1998)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
31y 103d - DALGLISH Kenny v. New Zealand (15/06/1982)
SCOTLAND (UEFA)
156
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Scotland v. IR Iran 1-1 (1-0) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Scotland v. New Zealand 5-2 (3-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
v. New Zealand P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 5 GA 2
Uruguay v. Scotland 7-0 (2-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
Scotland v. Uruguay 0-0 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 0 GA 7
Austria v. Scotland 1-0 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
France v. Scotland 2-1 (2-0) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Scotland v. Morocco 0-3 (0-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Morocco P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Scotland v. Norway 1-1 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Norway P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Germany FR v. Scotland 2-1 (1-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Scotland v. Netherlands 3-2 (1-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
Paraguay v. Scotland 3-2 (2-1) 1958 FIFA World Cup Sweden™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Scotland v. Brazil 0-0 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Brazil v. Scotland 4-1 (1-1) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Group stag
Brazil v. Scotland 1-0 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Brazil v. Scotland 2-1 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 4 W 0 D 1 L 3 GF 2 GA 7
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SCOTLAND (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
157
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Quarter-finals (2002)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 4 (2002, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2002 (quarter-finals)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 3 (since 2018)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
SENEGAL (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Quarter-finals
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
12 5 3 4 16 17
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 7 3 0 22 3
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group B winners 
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: v. England (round of 16, 04/12/2022)
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-1: v. Qatar (group stage, 25/11/2022)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - MANE Sadio
158
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
3 - DIOP Bouba (3-2002)
2 - CAMARA Henri (2-2002)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
7 - KOULIBALY Kalidou (3-2018; 4-2022)
7 - SABALY Youssouf (3-2018; 4-2022)
7 - SARR Ismaila (3-2018; 4-2022)
6 - GUEYE Idrissa Gana (3-2018; 3-2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
2 - KOULIBALY Kalidou (2018, 2022)
2 - GUEYE Idrissa Gana (2018, 2022)
2 - SABALY Youssouf (2018, 2022)
2 - KOUYATE Cheikhou (2018, 2022)
2 - SARR Ismaila (2018, 2022)
2 - GOMIS Alfred (2018, 2022)
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 166d - CAMARA Souleymane v. Denmark (06/06/2002)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 263d - WAGUE Moussa v. Japan (24/06/2018)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 84d - NDIAYE Khadim v. Colombia (28/06/2018)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
31y 162d - KOULIBALY Kalidou v. Ecuador (29/11/2022)
SENEGAL (CAF)
159
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
France v. Senegal 0-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Qatar v. Senegal 1-3 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Qatar P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Senegal v. Colombia 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Ecuador v. Senegal 1-2 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Japan v. Senegal 2-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Senegal v. Uruguay 3-3 (3-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 3
England v. Senegal 3-0 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
Senegal v. Netherlands 0-2 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SENEGAL (CAF)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
160
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group stage (1998, 2002, 2010)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 4 (1998, 2002, 2010, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1998 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2010 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 2010 (group stage)
TEAM PROFILE
SOUTH AFRICA (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not participate
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not participate
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
9 2 4 3 11 16
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 5 3 2 15 9
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group C winners
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
0-3: twice, most recently, v. Uruguay (group stage, 16/06/2010)
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-1: v. France (group stage, 22/06/2010)
1-0: v. Slovenia (group stage, 08/06/2002)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
2 - ADAMS Jayden, APPOLLIS Oswin, FOSTER Lyle, MORENA Thapelo
161
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 193d - BUCKLEY Delron v. Denmark (18/06/1998)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 218d - McCARTHY Benni v. Denmark (18/06/1998)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 350d - ARENDSE Andre v. Spain (12/06/2002)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
33y 61d - RADEBE Lucas v. Spain (12/06/2002)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
2 - BARTLETT Shaun (2-1998)
2 - McCARTHY Benni (1-1998; 1-2002)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
6 - McCARTHY Benni (3-1998; 3-2002)
6 - FORTUNE Quinton (3-1998; 3-2002)
6 - RADEBE Lucas (3-1998; 3-2002)
6 - MOKOENA Aaron (3-2002; 3-2010)
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
2 - MOKOENA Aaron (2002, 2010)
2 - BUCKLEY Delron (1998, 2002)
2 - PIENAAR Steven (2002, 2010)
2 - NOMVETHE Siyabonga (2002, 2010)
2 - FORTUNE Quinton (1998, 2002)
2 - RADEBE Lucas (1998, 2002)
2 - SIBAYA MacBeth (2002, 2010)
2 - VONK Hans (1998, 2002)
2 - ISSA Pierre (1998, 2002)
2 - McCARTHY Benni (1998, 2002)
SOUTH AFRICA (CAF)
162
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
South Africa v. Spain 2-3 (1-2) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
South Africa v. Mexico 1-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Paraguay v. South Africa 2-2 (1-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
South Africa v. Uruguay 0-3 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 3
South Africa v. Saudi Arabia 2-2 (1-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
France v. South Africa 3-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
France v. South Africa 1-2 (0-2) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. France P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 4
SOUTH AFRICA (CAF)
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
163
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (2010)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 
17 (1934, 1950, 1962, 1966, 1978, 1982, 1986, 1990, 
1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 
2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1934 (quarter-finals)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 13 (since 1978)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1982 (second round group stage)
TEAM PROFILE
SPAIN (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Quarter-finals
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Fourth place
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Group stage
1966 - ENG Group stage
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Group stage
1982 - ESP Second round
1986 - MEX Quarter-finals
1990 - ITA Round of 16
1994 - USA Quarter-finals
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Quarter-finals
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Winners
2014 - BRA Group stage
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
67 31 17 19 108 75
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
6 5 1 0 21 2
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group E winners
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-6: v. Brazil (final round, 13/07/1950)
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
7-0: v. Costa Rica (group stage, 23/11/2022)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
6 - MERINO Mikel, OYARZABAL Mikel
164
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 110d - GAVI v. Costa Rica (23/11/2022)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 110d - GAVI v. Costa Rica (23/11/2022)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 244d - ZUBIZARRETA Andoni v. Bulgaria (24/06/1998)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
34y 76d - HIERRO Fernando v. Paraguay (07/06/2002)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
9 - VILLA David (3-2006; 5-2010; 1-2014)
5 - BUTRAGUENO Emilio (5-1986)
5 - HIERRO Fernando (1-1994; 2-1998; 2-2002)
5 - MORIENTES Fernando (2-1998; 3-2002)
5 - RAUL (1-1998; 3-2002; 1-2006)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
17 - BUSQUETS Sergio (7-2010; 2-2014; 4-2018; 4-2022)
17 - CASILLAS Iker (5-2002; 3-2006; 7-2010; 2-2014)
17 - RAMOS Sergio (3-2006; 7-2010; 3-2014; 4-2018)
16 - ZUBIZARRETA Andoni (5-1986; 4-1990; 4-1994; 3-1998)
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - BUSQUETS Sergio (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
4 - CASILLAS Iker (2002, 2006, 2010, 2014)
4 - HERNANDEZ Xavi (2002, 2006, 2010, 2014)
4 - HIERRO Fernando (1990, 1994, 1998, 2002)
4 - INIESTA Andres (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
4 - RAMOS Sergio (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
4 - REINA Pepe (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
4 - ZUBIZARRETA Andoni (1986, 1990, 1994, 1998)
SPAIN (UEFA)
165
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Austria v. Spain 2-1 (1-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Algeria v. Spain 0-3 (0-1) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Argentina v. Spain 2-1 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Australia v. Spain 0-3 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Spain v. France 1-3 (1-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Round of 1
v. France P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Spain v. Brazil 3-1 (3-0) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
Brazil v. Spain 6-1 (3-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Final round (group
Brazil v. Spain 2-1 (0-1) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Brazil v. Spain 0-0 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
Spain v. Brazil 0-1 (0-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 5 W 1 D 1 L 3 GF 5 GA 10
Spain v. England 1-0 (0-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Spain v. England 0-0 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
v. England P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Spain v. Belgium 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-1) 4-5 PSO 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Quarter-fina
Belgium v. Spain 1-2 (1-2) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SPAIN (UEFA)
166
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
IR Iran v. Spain 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Japan v. Spain 2-1 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Spain v. Mexico 1-0 (0-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Germany FR v. Spain 2-1 (1-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Spain 2-1 (0-0) 1982 FIFA World Cup Spain™ Second round (group
Germany v. Spain 1-1 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Germany v. Spain 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Semi-fina
Spain v. Germany 1-1 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Germany P 5 W 1 D 2 L 2 GF 5 GA 6
Netherlands v. Spain 0-1 AET 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Fina
Spain v. Netherlands 1-5 (1-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Netherlands P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 5
Spain v. Paraguay 0-0 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Spain v. Paraguay 3-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Paraguay v. Spain 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
v. Paraguay P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 4 GA 1
Korea Republic v. Spain 1-3 (1-1) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Spain v. Korea Republic 2-2 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
Spain v. Korea Republic 0-0 AET
3-5 PSO 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Quarter-fina
v. Korea Republic P 3 W 1 D 2 L 0 GF 5 GA 3
Spain v. Morocco 2-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Morocco v. Spain 0-0 AET
3-0 PSO 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Morocco P 2 W 0 D 2 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SPAIN (UEFA)
167
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Saudi Arabia v. Spain 0-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
South Africa v. Spain 2-3 (1-2) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. South Africa P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
Spain v. Tunisia 3-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Tunisia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Spain v. USA 3-1 (0-1) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Uruguay v. Spain 2-2 (1-2) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Final round (group
Uruguay v. Spain 0-0 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Uruguay P 2 W 0 D 2 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Spain v. Switzerland 2-1 (0-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Spain v. Switzerland 3-0 (1-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Round of 1
Spain v. Switzerland 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 3 W 2 D 0 L 1 GF 5 GA 2
Spain v. Portugal 1-0 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Portugal v. Spain 3-3 (2-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 4 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SPAIN (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
168
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Quarter-finals (1934, 1938, 1954)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 13 (1934, 1938, 1950, 1954, 1962, 1966, 1994, 2006, 
2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1934 (quarter-finals)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 6 (since 2006)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1954 (quarter-finals)
TEAM PROFILE
SWITZERLAND (UEFA)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Quarter-finals
1938 - FRA Quarter-finals
1950 - BRA Group stage
1954 - SUI Quarter-finals
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Group stage
1966 - ENG Group stage
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Round of 16
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Round of 16
2010 - RSA Group stage
2014 - BRA Round of 16
2018 - RUS Round of 16
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
41 14 8 19 55 73
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
6 4 2 0 14 2
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
UEFA Group B winners
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-6: v. Portugal (round of 16, 06/12/2022)
0-5: v. Germany FR (group stage, 12/07/1966)
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
4-1: v. Italy (group stage play-off, 23/06/1954)
4-1: v. Romania (group stage, 22/06/1994)
3-0: v. Honduras (group stage, 25/06/2014)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
4 - EMBOLO Breel
169
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
18y 258d - SHAQIRI Xherdan v. Honduras (25/06/2010)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 28d - BICKEL Fredy v. Germany (09/06/1938)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 166d - BREGY Georges v. Spain (02/07/1994)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 152d - BREGY Georges v. USA (18/06/1994)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
6 - HUEGI Sepp (6-1954)
5 - SHAQIRI Xherdan (3-2014; 1-2018; 1-2022)
4 - ABEGGLEN Andre (1-1934; 3-1938)
4 - BALLAMAN Robert (4-1954)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
12 - SHAQIRI Xherdan (1-2010; 4-2014; 4-2018; 3-2022)
12 - RODRIGUEZ Ricardo (4-2014; 4-2018; 4-2022)
12 - XHAKA Granit (4-2014; 4-2018; 4-2022)
10 - BEHRAMI Valon (1-2006; 1-2010; 4-2014; 4-2018)
10 - LICHTSTEINER Stephan (3-2010; 4-2014; 3-2018)
10 - SEFEROVIC Haris (4-2014; 3-2018; 3-2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - BEHRAMI Valon (2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
4 - SHAQIRI Xherdan (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
3 - 13 players
SWITZERLAND (UEFA)
170
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Switzerland v. Korea Republic 2-0 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Austria v. Switzerland 7-5 (5-4) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Quarter-fina
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 5 GA 7
Switzerland v. Colombia 0-2 (0-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
England v. Switzerland 2-0 (1-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
v. England P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Switzerland v. Ecuador 2-1 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Ecuador P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Switzerland v. Germany 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 1938 FIFA World Cup France™ First roun
Switzerland v. Germany 4-2 (1-2) 1938 FIFA World Cup France™ First roun
Germany FR v. Switzerland 2-1 (1-0) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Germany FR v. Switzerland 5-0 (3-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
v. Germany P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2 GF 6 GA 10
France v. Switzerland 0-0 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Switzerland v. France 2-5 (0-3) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. France P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 2 GA 5
Brazil v. Switzerland 2-2 (2-1) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
Brazil v. Switzerland 1-1 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
Brazil v. Switzerland 1-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Brazil P 3 W 0 D 2 L 1 GF 3 GA 4
Argentina v. Switzerland 2-0 (0-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Argentina v. Switzerland 1-0 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Argentina P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 0 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SWITZERLAND (UEFA)
171
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Portugal v. Switzerland 6-1 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Portugal P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 6
Switzerland v. Netherlands 3-2 (2-1) 1934 FIFA World Cup Italy™ First roun
v. Netherlands P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 2
USA v. Switzerland 1-1 (1-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. USA P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Spain v. Switzerland 2-1 (0-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Spain v. Switzerland 3-0 (1-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Round of 1
Spain v. Switzerland 0-1 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Spain P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 2 GA 5
Switzerland v. Mexico 2-1 (2-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
SWITZERLAND (UEFA)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
172
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Group Stage (1978, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2018, 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 7 (1978, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1978 (group stage)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 3 (since 2018)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
TUNISIA (CAF)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Group stage
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Did not qualify
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Group stage
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
18 3 5 10 14 26
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
10 9 1 0 22 0
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
CAF first round Group H winners
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-1: v. Mexico (group stage, 02/06/1978)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
2-5: v. Belgium (group stage, 23/06/2018)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
4 - BEN ROMDHANE Mohamed Ali
173
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
3 - KHAZRI Wahbi (2-2018; 1-2022)
1 - 11 players
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
8 - BOUAZIZI Riadh (2-1998; 3-2002; 3-2006)
8 - GHODHBANE Kais (3-1998; 2-2002; 3-2006)
7 - TRABELSI Hatem (1-1998; 3-2002; 3-2006)
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
3 - BOUAZIZI Riadh (1998, 2002, 2006)
3 - BOUMNIJEL Ali (1998, 2002, 2006)
3 - GHODHBANE Kais (1998, 2002, 2006)
3 - TRABELSI Hatem (1998, 2002, 2006)
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 265d - CHIKHAOUI Yasin v. Saudi Arabia (14/06/2006)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
23y 4d - BRONN Dylan v. Belgium (23/06/2018)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
40y 71d - BOUMNIJEL Ali v. Ukraine (23/06/2006)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
31y 298d - BOUZAIENE Raouf v. Belgium (10/06/2002)
TUNISIA (CAF)
174
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Colombia v. Tunisia 1-0 (0-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
Tunisia v. France 1-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. France P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Germany FR v. Tunisia 0-0 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Germany P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 0 GA 0
Tunisia v. Japan 0-2 (0-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Japan P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 2
Tunisia v. Mexico 3-1 (0-1) 1978 FIFA World Cup Argentina™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Tunisia v. Saudi Arabia 2-2 (1-0) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
England v. Tunisia 2-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Tunisia v. England 1-2 (1-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. England P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 1 GA 4
Tunisia v. Belgium 1-1 (1-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Belgium v. Tunisia 5-2 (3-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 2 W 0 D 1 L 1 GF 3 GA 6
Spain v. Tunisia 3-1 (0-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Panama v. Tunisia 1-2 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Panama P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Tunisia v. Australia 0-1 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Australia P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
TUNISIA (CAF)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
175
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Winners (1930, 1950)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 15 (1930, 1950, 1954, 1962, 1966, 1970, 1974, 1986, 
1990, 2002, 2010, 2014, 2018, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (winners)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (group stage)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 5 (since 2010)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1930 (winners)
TEAM PROFILE
URUGUAY (CONMEBOL)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Winners
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Winners
1954 - SUI Fourth place
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Group stage
1966 - ENG Quarter-finals
1970 - MEX Fourth place
1974 - FRG Group stage
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Round of 16
1990 - ITA Round of 16
1994 - USA Did not qualify
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Group stage
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Fourth place
2014 - BRA Round of 16
2018 - RUS Quarter-finals
2022 - QAT Group stage
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
59 25 13 21 89 76
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
18 7 7 4 22 12
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Fourth place in CONMEBOL qualifying tournament
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
8-0: v. Bolivia (group stage, 02/07/1950)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-6: v. Denmark (group stage, 08/06/1986)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - NUNEZ Darwin
176
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
8 - MIGUEZ Oscar (5-1950; 3-1954)
7 - SUAREZ Luis (3-2010; 2-2014; 2-2018)
6 - FORLAN Diego (1-2002; 5-2010)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
17 - CAVANI Edinson (6-2010; 4-2014; 4-2018; 3-2022)
16 - GODIN Diego (5-2010; 4-2014; 5-2018; 2-2022)
16 - MUSLERA Fernando (7-2010; 4-2014; 5-2018)
16 - SUAREZ Luis (6-2010; 2-2014; 5-2018; 3-2022)
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - CACERES Martin (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
4 - CAVANI Edinson (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
4 - GODIN Diego (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
4 - MUSLERA Fernando (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
4 - ROCHA Pedro (1962, 1966, 1970, 1974)
4 - SUAREZ Luis (2010, 2014, 2018, 2022)
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 150d - GIMENEZ Jose v. England (19/06/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
20y 281d - FONSECA Daniel v. Korea Republic (21/06/1990)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 285d - GODIN Diego v. Portugal (28/11/2022)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
36y 279d - VARELA Obdulio v. England (26/06/1954)
URUGUAY (CONMEBOL)
177
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Belgium v. Uruguay 3-1 (2-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Belgium P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
Egypt v. Uruguay 0-1 (0-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Egypt P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Uruguay v. France 2-1 (2-1) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
France v. Uruguay 0-0 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
Uruguay v. France 0-0 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
Uruguay v. France 0-2 (0-1) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Quarter-fina
v. France P 4 W 1 D 2 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Uruguay v. Argentina 4-2 (1-2) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Fina
Argentina v. Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Round of 1
v. Argentina P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 3
Uruguay v. Brazil 2-1 (0-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Final round (group
Brazil v. Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Semi-fina
v. Brazil P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 3 GA 4
Uruguay v. Colombia 2-1 (0-1) 1962 FIFA World Cup Chile™ Group stag
Colombia v. Uruguay 2-0 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Colombia P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Uruguay v. England 4-2 (2-1) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Quarter-fina
England v. Uruguay 0-0 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Uruguay v. England 2-1 (1-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. England P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 6 GA 3
Austria v. Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Match for third plac
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
URUGUAY (CONMEBOL)
178
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Uruguay v. Saudi Arabia 1-0 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Group stag
v. Saudi Arabia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Germany FR v. Uruguay 4-0 (1-0) 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Quarter-fina
Germany FR v. Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) 1970 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Match for third plac
Uruguay v. Germany FR 1-1 (1-0) 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
Uruguay v. Germany 2-3 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Match for third plac
v. Germany P 4 W 0 D 1 L 3 GF 3 GA 9
Uruguay v. Ghana 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-1) 4-2 PSO 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Quarter-fina
Ghana v. Uruguay 0-2 (0-2) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Ghana P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
Uruguay v. Mexico 0-0 1966 FIFA World Cup England™ Group stag
Mexico v. Uruguay 0-1 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Mexico P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
Uruguay v. Netherlands 0-2 (0-1) 1974 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
Uruguay v. Netherlands 2-3 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Semi-fina
v. Netherlands P 2 W 0 D 0 L 2 GF 2 GA 5
Uruguay v. Portugal 2-1 (1-0) 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ Round of 1
Portugal v. Uruguay 2-0 (0-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 3
Uruguay v. Scotland 7-0 (2-0) 1954 FIFA World Cup Switzerland™ Group stag
Scotland v. Uruguay 0-0 1986 FIFA World Cup Mexico™ Group stag
v. Scotland P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 7 GA 0
Korea Republic v. Uruguay 0-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
Uruguay v. Korea Republic 2-1 (1-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Uruguay v. Korea Republic 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 3 W 2 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 1
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
URUGUAY (CONMEBOL)
179
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Uruguay v. Spain 2-2 (1-2) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Final round (group
Uruguay v. Spain 0-0 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Spain P 2 W 0 D 2 L 0 GF 2 GA 2
Senegal v. Uruguay 3-3 (3-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Senegal P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 3 GA 3
South Africa v. Uruguay 0-3 (0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. South Africa P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
URUGUAY (CONMEBOL)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
180
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: Semi-finals (1930)
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 12 (1930, 1934, 1950, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 
2006, 2010, 2014, 2022, 2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 1930 (semi-finals)
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: 2022 (round of 16)
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 2 (since 2022)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: 1994 (round of 16), 2026 co-hosts
TEAM PROFILE
USA (Concacaf)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Semi-finals
1934 - ITA First round
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Group stage
1954 - SUI Did not qualify
1958 - SWE Did not qualify
1962 - CHI Did not qualify
1966 - ENG Did not qualify
1970 - MEX Did not qualify
1974 - FRG Did not qualify
1978 - ARG Did not qualify
1982 - ESP Did not qualify
1986 - MEX Did not qualify
1990 - ITA Group stage
1994 - USA Round of 16
1998 - FRA Group stage
2002 - JPN/KOR Quarter-finals
2006 - GER Group stage
2010 - RSA Round of 16
2014 - BRA Round of 16
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Round of 16
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
37 9 8 20 40 66
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
As hosts
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
3-0: v. Belgium (group stage, 13/07/1930)
3-0: v. Paraguay (group stage, 17/07/1930)
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
1-7: v. Italy (first round, 27/05/1934)
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
N/A
181
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
4 - BEASLEY DaMarcus (2002, 2006, 2010, 2014)
4 - KELLER Kasey (1990, 1998, 2002, 2006)
4 - REYNA Claudio (1994, 1998, 2002, 2006)
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
12 - DONOVAN Landon (5-2002; 3-2006; 4-2010)
11 - BEASLEY DaMarcus (3-2002; 3-2006; 1-2010; 4-2014)
11 - JONES Cobi (4-1994; 3-1998; 4-2002)
11 - STEWART Ernie (4-1994; 3-1998; 4-2002)
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
5 - DONOVAN Landon (2-2002; 3-2010)
4 - DEMPSEY Clint (1-2006; 1-2010; 2-2014)
4 - PATENAUDE Bert (4-1930)
3 - MCBRIDE Brian (1-1998; 2-2002)
TEAM PROFILE
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 25d - GREEN Julian v. Belgium (01/07/2014)
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
19y 25d - GREEN Julian v. Belgium (01/07/2014)
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
38y 162d - CLAVIJO Fernando v. Brazil (04/07/1994)
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
32y 310d - FLORIE Tom v. Belgium (13/07/1930)
USA (Concacaf)
182
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
USA v. Belgium 3-0 (2-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
Belgium v. USA 2-1 AET 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Round of 1
v. Belgium P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 4 GA 2
Argentina v. USA 6-1 (1-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Semi-fina
v. Argentina P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 6
Austria v. USA 2-1 (0-0) 1990 FIFA World Cup Italy™ Group stag
v. Austria P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 2
Brazil v. USA 1-0 (0-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Round of 1
v. Brazil P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 0 GA 1
USA v. Colombia 2-1 (1-0) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Colombia P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
USA v. England 1-0 (1-0) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
England v. USA 1-1 (1-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
England v. USA 0-0 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. England P 3 W 1 D 2 L 0 GF 2 GA 1
Germany v. USA 2-0 (1-0) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
Germany v. USA 1-0 (1-0) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Quarter-fina
USA v. Germany 0-1 (0-0) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Germany P 3 W 0 D 0 L 3 GF 0 GA 4
Ghana v. USA 2-1 (2-1) 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany™ Group stag
USA v. Ghana 1-2 AET
(1-1, 0-1) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Round of 1
Ghana v. USA 1-2 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Ghana P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2 GF 4 GA 5
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
USA (Concacaf)
USA v. Algeria 1-0 (0-0) 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™ Group stag
v. Algeria P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 1 GA 0
183
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
USA v. Switzerland 1-1 (1-1) 1994 FIFA World Cup USA™ Group stag
v. Switzerland P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
USA v. IR Iran 1-2 (0-1) 1998 FIFA World Cup France™ Group stag
IR Iran v. USA 0-1 (0-1) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Group stag
v. IR Iran P 2 W 1 D 0 L 1 GF 2 GA 2
USA v. Portugal 3-2 (3-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
USA v. Portugal 2-2 (0-1) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Portugal P 2 W 1 D 1 L 0 GF 5 GA 4
Korea Republic v. USA 1-1 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Group stag
v. Korea Republic P 1 W 0 D 1 L 0 GF 1 GA 1
Mexico v. USA 0-2 (0-1) 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ Round of 1
v. Mexico P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 2 GA 0
Netherlands v. USA 3-1 (2-0) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar™ Round of 1
v. Netherlands P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
USA v. Paraguay 3-0 (2-0) 1930 FIFA World Cup Uruguay™ Group stag
v. Paraguay P 1 W 1 D 0 L 0 GF 3 GA 0
Spain v. USA 3-1 (0-1) 1950 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ Group stag
v. Spain P 1 W 0 D 0 L 1 GF 1 GA 3
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
USA (Concacaf)
There are no further previous meetings against any other qualified teams.
184
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Best FIFA World Cup™ achievement: N/A
FIFA World Cup™ appearances (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
First FIFA World Cup™: 2026
Most recent FIFA World Cup™: N/A
Current sequence of successive qualifications (inc 2026): 1 (2026)
FIFA World Cup™ hosts: N/A
TEAM PROFILE
UZBEKISTAN (AFC)
FWC-by-FWC record
Year - Host Result
1930 - URU Did not participate
1934 - ITA Did not participate
1938 - FRA Did not participate
1950 - BRA Did not participate
1954 - SUI Did not participate
1958 - SWE Did not participate
1962 - CHI Did not participate
1966 - ENG Did not participate
1970 - MEX Did not participate
1974 - FRG Did not participate
1978 - ARG Did not participate
1982 - ESP Did not participate
1986 - MEX Did not participate
1990 - ITA Did not participate
1994 - USA Did not participate
1998 - FRA Did not qualify
2002 - JPN/KOR Did not qualify
2006 - GER Did not qualify
2010 - RSA Did not qualify
2014 - BRA Did not qualify
2018 - RUS Did not qualify
2022 - QAT Did not qualify
All-time FIFA World Cup™ record
Pld W D L GF GA
0 0 0 0 0 0
Record in qualifying for the FIFA World Cup 26™
Pld W D L GF GA
16 10 5 1 27 11
Qualifying route for the FIFA World Cup 26™
AFC third round Group A runners-up
Biggest win in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Biggest defeat in a FIFA World Cup™ match
N/A
Top scorer in FIFA World Cup 26™ qualifying campaign
5 - SHOMURODOV Eldor
185
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
TEAM PROFILE
Most FIFA World Cup™ participations
N/A
Youngest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Youngest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest player to make an appearance at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Oldest goalscorer at a FIFA World Cup™
N/A
Most FIFA World Cup™ goals scored
N/A
Most All-time FIFA World Cup™ record played
N/A
There are no previous meetings for Uzbekistan.
FIFA World Cup™ previous meetings
UZBEKISTAN (AFC)
186
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
QUALIFYING
First matches 
Qualifying began on 7 September 2023 in South America with three matches:
• Paraguay 0–0 Peru
• Colombia 1–0 Venezuela
• Argentina 1–0 Ecuador
First goal
• The first goal of the campaign was scored by Rafael Santos Borré for Colombia against Venezuela.
First team through
• Apart from the three hosts, Japan became the first nation to secure qualification, defeating Bahrain 2–0 in 
Saitama on 20 March 2025.
Debutants
• Four nations will make their World Cup debut: Cabo Verde, Curaçao, Jordan, and Uzbekistan. Five more—
Albania, Kosovo, New Caledonia, North Macedonia, and Suriname—remain in contention via the March 
2026 play-offs.
Returning teams
• Haiti return after a 52-year absence, their only previous appearance being in 1974.
• Austria, Norway, and Scotland are back for the first time since 1998.
• Of the 42 teams qualified by the December 2025 draw, 16 did not feature at Qatar 2022.
Previous winners
• Seven of the eight past winners have qualified: Argentina, Brazil, England, France, Germany, Spain, Uruguay. 
Italy remain in contention via the UEFA play-offs.
Records and streaks
• Brazil extended their unique record as the only nation to appear at every World Cup since 1930 – their 23rd 
successive finals.
• Korea Republic qualify for their 11th consecutive World Cup, last missing out in 1982 – the longest active 
streak for a non-champion.
Goals and defences
• Japan were the top scorers with 51 goals (54 including a forfeit win).
• Côte d’Ivoire, England, and Tunisia completed qualifying without conceding a single goal.
206 teams took part across six confederations, playing 883 matches (three of which 
were subsequently awarded as 3-0 forfeits). In total, 2,480 goals were scored, including 
four in matches later awarded by forfeit.
187
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
QUALIFYING
Seventeen qualified teams advanced without losing a match
• AFC (1): Korea Republic
• CAF (5): Côte d’Ivoire, Egypt, Morocco, Senegal, Tunisia
• Concacaf (2): Curaçao, Panama
• OFC (1): New Zealand
• UEFA (8): Belgium, Croatia, England, France, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Switzerland
England became the first European team in World Cup qualifying history to win all their qualifying matches 
without conceding, in a group of six or more games. 
Biggest wins
• Norway 11–1 Moldova (9 Sept 2025)
• Austria 10–0 San Marino (9 Oct 2025)
Hat-tricks and scoring feats
• Norway’s Erling Haaland finished as overall top scorer with 16 goals, ahead of Almoez Ali (Qatar, 12 goals).
• 45 hat-tricks scored by 43 players.
• Erling Haaland (Norway) and Chris Wood (New Zealand) were the only players with multiple hat-tricks.
• Haaland also scored five goals in a single match (v. Moldova).
• Cristiano Ronaldo broke Guatemala’s Carlos Ruiz’s record for most goals in World Cup qualifying history, 
surpassing the previous mark of 39. He finished the campaign with a new record of 41 goals.
• Lionel Messi topped South American qualifying for the first time in his career, netting eight goals.
• Mohamed Salah became the all-time top scorer in African qualifying. He netted nine times in as many games in 
the World Cup 26 preliminaries, raising his career tally to a record-breaking 20 goals..
Top scorers by confederation:
• AFC: Almoez Ali (Qatar) – 12 goals
• CAF: Mohamed Amoura (Algeria) – 10 goals
• Concacaf: Duckens Nazon (Haiti) and Óscar Santis (Guatemala) – 6 goals each
• CONMEBOL: Lionel Messi (Argentina) – 8 goals
• OFC: Chris Wood (New Zealand) – 9 goals
• UEFA: Erling Haaland (Norway) – 16 goals
When each team qualified
Team Confederation Date qualified
Canada Concacaf 14/02/2023
Mexico Concacaf 14/02/2023
USA Concacaf 14/02/2023
Japan AFC 20/03/2025
New Zealand OFC 24/03/2025
IR Iran AFC 25/03/2025
Argentina CONMEBOL 25/03/2025
Uzbekistan AFC 05/06/2025
188
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
When each team qualified
Team Confederation Date qualified
Korea Republic AFC 05/06/2025
Jordan AFC 05/06/2025
Australia AFC 10/06/2025
Ecuador CONMEBOL 10/06/2025
Brazil CONMEBOL 10/06/2025
Paraguay CONMEBOL 04/09/2025
Uruguay CONMEBOL 04/09/2025
Colombia CONMEBOL 04/09/2025
Morocco CAF 05/09/2025
Tunisia CAF 08/09/2025
Egypt CAF 08/10/2025
Algeria CAF 09/10/2025
Ghana CAF 12/10/2025
Cabo Verde CAF 13/10/2025
South Africa CAF 14/10/2025
Qatar AFC 14/10/2025
England UEFA 14/10/2025
Saudi Arabia AFC 14/10/2025
Côte d’Ivoire CAF 14/10/2025
Senegal CAF 14/10/2025
France UEFA 13/11/2025
Croatia UEFA 14/11/2025
Portugal UEFA 16/11/2025
Norway UEFA 16/11/2025
Germany UEFA 17/11/2025
Netherlands UEFA 17/11/2025
Belgium UEFA 18/11/2025
Austria UEFA 18/11/2025
Switzerland UEFA 18/11/2025
Spain UEFA 18/11/2025
Scotland UEFA 18/11/2025
Panama Concacaf 18/11/2025
Haiti Concacaf 18/11/2025
Curaçao Concacaf 18/11/2025
QUALIFYING
189
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
QUALIFYING
Qualified for the FIFA World Cup 26™: 
Australia, IR Iran, Japan, Jordan, Korea Republic, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan
Qualified for the FIFA Play-Off Tournament in March 2026:
Iraq
Eliminated:
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, China PR, Chinese Taipei, Guam, Hong 
Kong China, India, Indonesia, Korea DPR, Kuwait, Kyrgyz Republic, Laos, Lebanon, Macau, Malaysia, Maldives, 
Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Palestine, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Syria, Tajikistan, Thailand, 
Timor-Leste, Turkmenistan, United Arab Emirates, Vietnam, Yemen
Full results and standings can be found here
Qualified for the FIFA World Cup 26™: 
Curaçao, Haiti and Panama
Qualified for the FIFA Play-Off Tournament in March 2026:
Jamaica and Suriname
Eliminated:
Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, 
Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Montserrat, 
Nicaragua, Puerto Rico, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and 
Caicos Islands, US Virgin Islands
Full results and standings can be found here
Qualified for the FIFA World Cup 26™: 
Algeria, Cabo Verde, Côte d’Ivoire, Egypt, Ghana, Morocco, Senegal, South Africa, Tunisia
Qualified for the FIFA Play-Off Tournament in March 2026:
Congo DR
Eliminated:
Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Central African Republic, Cameroon, Chad, Comoros, Congo, 
Djibouti, Equatorial Guinea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gabon, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, 
Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, São Tomé and 
Príncipe, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, South Sudan, Tanzania, The Gambia, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, 
Zimbabwe
Eritrea withdrew before the start of the qualifiers
Full results and standings can be found here
AFC
Concacaf
CAF
Confederation by confederation breakdown...
190
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
QUALIFYING
Qualified for the FIFA World Cup 26™: 
Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Uruguay
Qualified for the FIFA Play-Off Tournament in March 2026:
Bolivia
Eliminated:
Chile, Peru, Venezuela
Full results and standings can be found here
Qualified for the FIFA World Cup 26™: 
Austria, Belgium, Croatia, England, France, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Scotland, Spain, 
Switzerland
Qualified for the European play-offs:
Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Czechia, Denmark, Italy, Kosovo, Northern Ireland, North Macedonia, 
Poland, Republic of Ireland, Romania, Slovakia, Sweden, Türkiye, Ukraine, Wales
Eliminated:
Andorra, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, Georgia, Gibraltar, Greece, 
Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Montenegro, Serbia, Slovenia
Full results and standings can be found here
Qualified for the FIFA World Cup 26™: 
New Zealand
Qualified for the FIFA Play-Off Tournament in March 2026:
New Caledonia
Eliminated:
American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tahiti, Tonga, Vanuatu
Full results and standings can be found here
CONMEBOL
UEFA
OFC
191
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
FIRST EVER WORLD CUP…..
FIFA WORLD CUP IN NUMBERS…..
22 editions
80 teams
8 different champions
964 matches
2,720 goals
6,563 players with an appearance
over 43.9 million spectators
Trophy
Coupe Jules Rimet, created 1930 by Abel Lafleur, France
Match 
13.07.1930: France-Mexico 4-1 (3-0) in Montevideo (URU)
Goal 
13.07.1930 : 19’ Lucien Laurent (FRA), France-Mexico 4-1 in Montevideo (URU)
Expulsion of a player 
14.7.1930: 70’ Placido Galindo (PER), Romania-Peru in Montevideo (URU)
Scored penalty 
19.7.1930: Manuel Rosas (MEX), Mexico-Argentina in Montevideo (URU)
Extra-time match
27.05.1934: Austria-France 3-2 AET (1-1, 1-1), preliminary round in Turin (ITA)
Yellow card shown
31.5.1970: 30’ Kakhi Asatiani (URS), Mexico-Soviet Union in Mexico City (MEX)
Substitution
31.5.1970: HT Anatoli Puzach (URS) in for Viktor Serebryanikov. Mexico-Soviet Union in Mexico City (MEX)
Penalty shoot-out
08.07.1982: Germany FR-France 3-3 AET (1-1, 1-1) 5-4 PSO, semi-finals in Seville (ESP)
Expulsion of a goalkeeper 
23.06.1994: 21’ Gianluca Pagliuca (ITA), Italy-Norway 1-0 in New Jersey (USA)
Golden Goal
28.06.1998: 114’ Laurent Blanc (FRA), France-Paraguay 1-0 AET, round of 16 in Lens (FRA) 
Goal confirmed by Goal-Line Technology
15.06.2014: 48’ Karim Benzema (FRA), France-Honduras 3-0, group stage in Porto Alegre (BRA)
Cooling break
29.06.2014: Netherlands-Mexico 2-1, round of 16 in Fortaleza (BRA) 
VAR decision
16.06.2018: France-Australia, referee Andres Cunha (URU) awarded a penalty to France after consulting the VAR
COMPETITION FACTS
192
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
COMPETITION FACTS
Previous tournaments overview
YEAR HOST
TEAMS
MATCHES
GOALS
AVERAGE 
GOALS
OVERALL 
ATTENDANCE
AVERAGE 
ATTENDANCE
WINNERS RUNNERS-UP
1930 Uruguay 13 18 70 3.89 590,549 32,808 URUGUAY ARGENTINA
1934 Italy 16 17 70 4.12 375,000 22,059 ITALY CZECHOSLOVAKIA
1938 France 15 18 84 4.67 375,700 20,872 ITALY HUNGARY
1950 Brazil 13 22 88 4.00 1,045,246 47,511 URUGUAY BRAZIL
1954 Switzerland 16 26 140 5.38 768,607 29,562 GERMANY FR HUNGARY
1958 Sweden 16 35 126 3.60 819,810 23,423 BRAZIL SWEDEN
1962 Chile 16 32 89 2.78 893,172 27,912 BRAZIL CZECHOSLOVAKIA
1966 England 16 32 89 2.78 1,563,135 48,848 ENGLAND GERMANY FR
1970 Mexico 16 32 95 2.97 1,603,975 50,124 BRAZIL ITALY
1974 Germany FR 16 38 97 2.55 1,865,753 49,099 GERMANY FR NETHERLANDS
1978 Argentina 16 38 102 2.68 1,545,791 40,679 ARGENTINA NETHERLANDS
1982 Spain 24 52 146 2.81 2,109,723 40,572 ITALY GERMANY FR
1986 Mexico 24 52 132 2.54 2,394,031 46,039 ARGENTINA GERMANY FR
1990 Italy 24 52 115 2.21 2,516,215 48,389 GERMANY FR ARGENTINA
1994 USA 24 52 141 2.71 3,587,538 68,991 BRAZIL ITALY
1998 France 32 64 171 2.67 2,785,100 43,517 FRANCE BRAZIL
2002 Korea/Japan 32 64 161 2.52 2,705,197 42,269 BRAZIL GERMANY
2006 Germany 32 64 147 2.30 3,359,439 52,491 ITALY FRANCE
2010 South Africa 32 64 145 2.27 3,178,856 49,670 SPAIN NETHERLANDS
2014 Brazil 32 64 171 2.67 3,429,873 53,592 GERMANY ARGENTINA
2018 Russia 32 64 169 2.64 3,031,768 47,371 FRANCE CROATIA
2022 Qatar 32 64 172 2.69 3,404,252 53,191 ARGENTINA FRANCE
TOTAL 964 2,720 2.82 43,948,730 45,590
193
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Previous FIFA World Cup™ matches in Mexico
Date Edition Venue Team A Team B Result Round
GUADALAJARA (MEX)
02/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco England Romania 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
03/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco Brazil Czechoslovakia 4-1 (1-1) Group stage
06/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco Romania Czechoslovakia 2-1 (0-1) Group stage
07/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco Brazil England 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
10/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco Brazil Romania 3-2 (2-1) Group stage
11/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco England Czechoslovakia 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
14/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco Brazil Peru 4-2 (2-1) Quarter-final
17/06/1970 1970 Estadio Jalisco Brazil Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) Semi-final
01/06/1986 1986 Estadio Jalisco Spain Brazil 0-1 (0-0) Group stage
03/06/1986 1986 Tres de Marzo Algeria Northern Ireland 1-1 (0-1) Group stage
06/06/1986 1986 Estadio Jalisco Brazil Algeria 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
07/06/1986 1986 Tres de Marzo Northern Ireland Spain 1-2 (0-2) Group stage
11/06/1986 1986 Tres de Marzo Portugal Morocco 1-3 (0-2) Group stage
12/06/1986 1986 Estadio Jalisco Northern Ireland Brazil 0-3 (0-2) Group stage
16/06/1986 1986 Estadio Jalisco Brazil Poland 4-0 (1-0) Round of 16
21/06/1986 1986 Estadio Jalisco Brazil France 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 3-4 PSO Quarter-final
25/06/1986 1986 Estadio Jalisco France Germany FR 0-2 (0-1) Semi-final
IRAPUATO (MEX)
02/06/1986 1986 Estadio Irapuato Soviet Union Hungary 6-0 (3-0) Group stage
06/06/1986 1986 Estadio Irapuato Hungary Canada 2-0 (1-0) Group stage
09/06/1986 1986 Estadio Irapuato Soviet Union Canada 2-0 (0-0) Group stage
LEON (MEX)
02/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Peru Bulgaria 3-2 (0-1) Group stage
03/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Germany FR Morocco 2-1 (0-1) Group stage
06/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Peru Morocco 3-0 (0-0) Group stage
07/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Germany FR Bulgaria 5-2 (2-1) Group stage
10/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Germany FR Peru 3-1 (3-1) Group stage
11/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Bulgaria Morocco 1-1 (1-0) Group stage
14/06/1970 1970 Nou Camp - Estadio León Germany FR England 3-2 AET 
(2-2, 0-1) Quarter-final
01/06/1986 1986 Nou Camp - Estadio León Canada France 0-1 (0-0) Group stage
05/06/1986 1986 Nou Camp - Estadio León France Soviet Union 1-1 (0-0) Group stage
09/06/1986 1986 Nou Camp - Estadio León Hungary France 0-3 (0-1) Group stage
15/06/1986 1986 Nou Camp - Estadio León Soviet Union Belgium 3-4 AET 
(2-2, 1-0) Round of 16
194
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Previous FIFA World Cup™ matches in Mexico
Date Edition Venue Team A Team B Result Round
MEXICO CITY (MEX)
31/05/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Mexico Soviet Union 0-0 Group stage
03/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Belgium El Salvador 3-0 (1-0) Group stage
06/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Soviet Union Belgium 4-1 (1-0) Group stage
07/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Mexico El Salvador 4-0 (1-0) Group stage
10/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Soviet Union El Salvador 2-0 (0-0) Group stage
11/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Mexico Belgium 1-0 (1-0) Group stage
14/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Uruguay Soviet Union 1-0 AET Quarter-final
17/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Italy Germany FR 4-3 AET
(1-1, 1-0) Semi-final
20/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Germany FR Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) Match for 
third place
21/06/1970 1970 Estadio Azteca Brazil Italy 4-1 (1-1) Final
31/05/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Bulgaria Italy 1-1 (0-1) Group stage
02/06/1986 1986 Estadio Olímpico 
Universitario Argentina Korea Republic 3-1 (2-0) Group stage
03/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Belgium Mexico 1-2 (1-2) Group stage
05/06/1986 1986 Estadio Olímpico 
Universitario Korea Republic Bulgaria 1-1 (0-1) Group stage
07/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Mexico Paraguay 1-1 (1-0) Group stage
10/06/1986 1986 Estadio Olímpico 
Universitario Argentina Bulgaria 2-0 (1-0) Group stage
11/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Iraq Mexico 0-1 (0-0) Group stage
15/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Mexico Bulgaria 2-0 (1-0) Round of 16
17/06/1986 1986 Estadio Olímpico 
Universitario Italy France 0-2 (0-1) Round of 16
18/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca England Paraguay 3-0 (1-0) Round of 16
22/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Argentina England 2-1 (0-0) Quarter-final
25/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Argentina Belgium 2-0 (0-0) Semi-final
29/06/1986 1986 Estadio Azteca Argentina Germany FR 3-2 (1-0) Final
MONTERREY (MEX)
03/06/1986 1986 Tecnologico Portugal England 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
06/06/1986 1986 Tecnologico England Morocco 0-0 Group stage
11/06/1986 1986 Tecnologico England Poland 3-0 (3-0) Group stage
12/06/1986 1986 Tecnologico Algeria Spain 0-3 (0-1) Group stage
NEZAHUALCOYOTL (MEX)
04/06/1986 1986 Neza Scotland Denmark 0-1 (0-0) Group stage
08/06/1986 1986 Neza Denmark Uruguay 6-1 (2-1) Group stage
13/06/1986 1986 Neza Scotland Uruguay 0-0 Group stage
195
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Previous FIFA World Cup™ matches in Mexico
Date Edition Venue Team A Team B Result Round
PUEBLA (MEX)
02/06/1970 1970 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Uruguay Israel 2-0 (1-0) Group stage
06/06/1970 1970 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Uruguay Italy 0-0 Group stage
10/06/1970 1970 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Sweden Uruguay 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
05/06/1986 1986 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Italy Argentina 1-1 (1-1) Group stage
10/06/1986 1986 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Korea Republic Italy 2-3 (0-1) Group stage
16/06/1986 1986 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Argentina Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) Round of 16
22/06/1986 1986 Estadio Cuauhtemoc Spain Belgium 1-1 AET (1-1, 
0-1) 4-5 PSO Quarter-final
28/06/1986 1986 Estadio Cuauhtemoc France Belgium 4-2 AET 
(2-2, 2-1)
Match for 
third place
QUERETARO (MEX)
04/06/1986 1986 Estadio La Corregidora Uruguay Germany FR 1-1 (1-0) Group stage
08/06/1986 1986 Estadio La Corregidora Germany FR Scotland 2-1 (1-1) Group stage
13/06/1986 1986 Estadio La Corregidora Denmark Germany FR 2-0 (1-0) Group stage
18/06/1986 1986 Estadio La Corregidora Denmark Spain 1-5 (1-1) Round of 16
SAN NICOLAS DE LOS GARZA (MEX)
02/06/1986 1986 Estadio Universitario Morocco Poland 0-0 Group stage
07/06/1986 1986 Estadio Universitario Poland Portugal 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
17/06/1986 1986 Estadio Universitario Morocco Germany FR 0-1 (0-0) Round of 16
21/06/1986 1986 Estadio Universitario Germany FR Mexico 0-0 AET
4-1 PSO Quarter-final
TOLUCA (MEX)
03/06/1970 1970 Estadio Toluca Italy Sweden 1-0 (1-0) Group stage
07/06/1970 1970 Estadio Toluca Sweden Israel 1-1 (0-0) Group stage
11/06/1970 1970 Estadio Toluca Italy Israel 0-0 Group stage
14/06/1970 1970 Estadio Toluca Italy Mexico 4-1 (1-1) Quarter-final
04/06/1986 1986 Estadio Toluca Paraguay Iraq 1-0 (1-0) Group stage
08/06/1986 1986 Estadio Toluca Iraq Belgium 1-2 (0-2) Group stage
11/06/1986 1986 Estadio Toluca Paraguay Belgium 2-2 (0-1) Group stage
196
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Previous FIFA World Cup™ matches in USA
Date Edition Venue Team A Team B Result Round
BOSTON (USA)
21/06/1994 1994 Foxboro Stadium Argentina Greece 4-0 (2-0) Group stage
23/06/1994 1994 Foxboro Stadium Korea Republic Bolivia 0-0 Group stage
25/06/1994 1994 Foxboro Stadium Argentina Nigeria 2-1 (2-1) Group stage
30/06/1994 1994 Foxboro Stadium Greece Nigeria 0-2 (0-1) Group stage
05/07/1994 1994 Foxboro Stadium Nigeria Italy 1-2 AET
(1-1, 1-0) Round of 16
09/07/1994 1994 Foxboro Stadium Italy Spain 2-1 (1-0) Quarter-final
CHICAGO (USA)
17/06/1994 1994 Soldier Field Germany Bolivia 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
21/06/1994 1994 Soldier Field Germany Spain 1-1 (0-1) Group stage
26/06/1994 1994 Soldier Field Bulgaria Greece 4-0 (1-0) Group stage
27/06/1994 1994 Soldier Field Bolivia Spain 1-3 (0-1) Group stage
02/07/1994 1994 Soldier Field Germany Belgium 3-2 (3-1) Round of 16
DALLAS (USA)
17/06/1994 1994 Cotton Bowl Spain Korea Republic 2-2 (0-0) Group stage
21/06/1994 1994 Cotton Bowl Nigeria Bulgaria 3-0 (2-0) Group stage
27/06/1994 1994 Cotton Bowl Germany Korea Republic 3-2 (3-0) Group stage
30/06/1994 1994 Cotton Bowl Argentina Bulgaria 0-2 (0-0) Group stage
03/07/1994 1994 Cotton Bowl Saudi Arabia Sweden 1-3 (0-1) Round of 16
09/07/1994 1994 Cotton Bowl Netherlands Brazil 2-3 (0-0) Quarter-final
DETROIT (USA)
18/06/1994 1994 Pontiac Silverdome USA Switzerland 1-1 (1-1) Group stage
22/06/1994 1994 Pontiac Silverdome Romania Switzerland 1-4 (1-1) Group stage
24/06/1994 1994 Pontiac Silverdome Sweden Russia 3-1 (1-1) Group stage
28/06/1994 1994 Pontiac Silverdome Brazil Sweden 1-1 (0-1) Group stage
NEW YORK/NEW JERSEY (USA)
18/06/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Italy Republic of 
Ireland 0-1 (0-1) Group stage
23/06/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Italy Norway 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
25/06/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Saudi Arabia Morocco 2-1 (2-1) Group stage
28/06/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Republic of 
Ireland Norway 0-0 Group stage
05/07/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Mexico Bulgaria 1-1 AET (1-1, 
1-1) 1-3 PSO Round of 16
10/07/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Bulgaria Germany 2-1 (0-0) Quarter-final
13/07/1994 1994 Giants Stadium Bulgaria Italy 1-2 (1-2) Semi-final
197
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Previous FIFA World Cup™ matches in USA
Date Edition Venue Team A Team B Result Round
ORLANDO (USA)
19/06/1994 1994 Citrus Bowl Belgium Morocco 1-0 (1-0) Group stage
24/06/1994 1994 Citrus Bowl Mexico Republic of 
Ireland 2-1 (1-0) Group stage
25/06/1994 1994 Citrus Bowl Belgium Netherlands 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
29/06/1994 1994 Citrus Bowl Morocco Netherlands 1-2 (0-1) Group stage
04/07/1994 1994 Citrus Bowl Netherlands Republic of 
Ireland 2-0 (2-0) Round of 16
PASADENA (USA)
18/06/1994 1994 Rose Bowl Colombia Romania 1-3 (1-2) Group stage
19/06/1994 1994 Rose Bowl Cameroon Sweden 2-2 (1-1) Group stage
22/06/1994 1994 Rose Bowl USA Colombia 2-1 (1-0) Group stage
26/06/1994 1994 Rose Bowl USA Romania 0-1 (0-1) Group stage
03/07/1994 1994 Rose Bowl Romania Argentina 3-2 (2-1) Round of 16
13/07/1994 1994 Rose Bowl Sweden Brazil 0-1 (0-0) Semi-final
16/07/1994 1994 Rose Bowl Sweden Bulgaria 4-0 (4-0) Match for 
third place
17/07/1994 1994 Rose Bowl Brazil Italy 0-0 AET 
3-2 PSO Final
SAN FRANCISCO (USA)
20/06/1994 1994 Stanford Stadium Brazil Russia 2-0 (1-0) Group stage
24/06/1994 1994 Stanford Stadium Brazil Cameroon 3-0 (1-0) Group stage
26/06/1994 1994 Stanford Stadium Switzerland Colombia 0-2 (0-1) Group stage
28/06/1994 1994 Stanford Stadium Russia Cameroon 6-1 (3-0) Group stage
04/07/1994 1994 Stanford Stadium Brazil USA 1-0 (0-0) Round of 16
10/07/1994 1994 Stanford Stadium Romania Sweden 2-2 AET (1-1, 
0-0) 4-5 PSO Quarter-final
WASHINGTON DC (USA)
19/06/1994 1994 RFK Stadium Norway Mexico 1-0 (0-0) Group stage
20/06/1994 1994 RFK Stadium Netherlands Saudi Arabia 2-1 (0-1) Group stage
28/06/1994 1994 RFK Stadium Italy Mexico 1-1 (0-0) Group stage
29/06/1994 1994 RFK Stadium Belgium Saudi Arabia 0-1 (0-1) Group stage
02/07/1994 1994 RFK Stadium Spain Switzerland 3-0 (1-0) Round of 16
198
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Algeria Northern 
Ireland 1-1 (0-1) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Tres de Marzo
1986 Brazil Algeria 1-0 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA 
(MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Algeria Spain 0-3 (0-1) Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
ALGERIA P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2
in Mexico P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Argentina Korea 
Republic 3-1 (2-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Olímpico Universitario
1986 Italy Argentina 1-1 (1-1) Group stage PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio 
Cuauhtemoc
1986 Argentina Bulgaria 2-0 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Olímpico 
Universitario
1986 Argentina Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) Round of 16 PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio 
Cuauhtemoc
1986 Argentina England 2-1 (0-0) Quarter-final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Argentina Belgium 2-0 (0-0) Semi-final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Argentina Germany FR 3-2 (1-0) Final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1994 Argentina Greece 4-0 (2-0) Group stage BOSTON (USA) Foxboro Stadium
1994 Argentina Nigeria 2-1 (2-1) Group stage BOSTON (USA) Foxboro Stadium
1994 Argentina Bulgaria 0-2 (0-0) Group stage DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
1994 Romania Argentina 3-2 (2-1) Round of 16 PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
ARGENTINA P 11 W 8 D 1 L 2
in Mexico P 7 W 6 D 1 L 0
in USA P 4 W 2 D 0 L 2
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
199
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 Belgium El Salvador 3-0 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Soviet Union Belgium 4-1 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Mexico Belgium 1-0 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Belgium Mexico 1-2 (1-2) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Iraq Belgium 1-2 (0-2) Group stage TOLUCA (MEX) Estadio Toluca
1986 Paraguay Belgium 2-2 (0-1) Group stage TOLUCA (MEX) Estadio Toluca
1986 Soviet Union Belgium 3-4 AET 
(2-2, 1-0) Round of 16 LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio León
1986 Spain Belgium
1-1 AET 
(1-1, 0-1) 
4-5 PSO
Quarter-final PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio 
Cuauhtemoc
1986 Argentina Belgium 2-0 (0-0) Semi-final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 France Belgium 4-2 AET 
(2-2, 2-1)
Match for third 
place PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
1994 Belgium Morocco 1-0 (1-0) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Belgium Netherlands 1-0 (0-0) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Belgium Saudi Arabia 0-1 (0-1) Group stage WASHINGTON DC 
(USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Germany Belgium 3-2 (3-1) Round of 16 CHICAGO (USA) Soldier Field
BELGIUM P 14 W 5 D 2 L 7
in Mexico P 10 W 3 D 2 L 5
in USA P 4 W 2 D 0 L 2
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
200
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 Brazil Czechoslovakia 4-1 (1-1) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Brazil England 1-0 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Brazil Romania 3-2 (2-1) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Brazil Peru 4-2 (2-1) Quarter-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Brazil Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) Semi-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Brazil Italy 4-1 (1-1) Final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Spain Brazil 0-1 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Brazil Algeria 1-0 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Northern 
Ireland Brazil 0-3 (0-2) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Brazil Poland 4-0 (1-0) Round of 16 GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Brazil France
1-1 AET 
(1-1, 1-1) 
3-4 PSO
Quarter-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1994 Brazil Russia 2-0 (1-0) Group stage SAN FRANCISCO 
(USA) Stanford Stadium
1994 Brazil Cameroon 3-0 (1-0) Group stage SAN FRANCISCO 
(USA) Stanford Stadium
1994 Brazil Sweden 1-1 (0-1) Group stage DETROIT (USA) Pontiac Silverdome
1994 Brazil USA 1-0 (0-0) Round of 16 SAN FRANCISCO 
(USA) Stanford Stadium
1994 Netherlands Brazil 2-3 (0-0) Quarter-final DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
1994 Sweden Brazil 0-1 (0-0) Semi-final PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
1994 Brazil Italy 0-0 AET 
3-2 PSO Final PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
BRAZIL P 18 W 15 D 3 L 0
in Mexico P 11 W 10 D 1 L 0
in USA P 7 W 5 D 2 L 0
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Canada France 0-1 (0-0) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1986 Hungary Canada 2-0 (1-0) Group stage IRAPUATO (MEX) Estadio Irapuato
1986 Soviet Union Canada 2-0 (0-0) Group stage IRAPUATO (MEX) Estadio Irapuato
CANADA P 3 W 0 D 0 L 3
in Mexico P 3 W 0 D 0 L 3
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
201
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1994 Colombia Romania 1-3 (1-2) Group stage PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
1994 USA Colombia 2-1 (1-0) Group stage PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
1994 Switzerland Colombia 0-2 (0-1) Group stage SAN FRANCISCO 
(USA) Stanford Stadium
COLOMBIA P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2
in USA P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 England Romania 1-0 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Brazil England 1-0 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 England Czechoslovakia 1-0 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Germany FR England 3-2 AET 
(2-2, 0-1) Quarter-final LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio León
1986 Portugal England 1-0 (0-0) Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
1986 England Morocco 0-0 Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
1986 England Poland 3-0 (3-0) Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
1986 England Paraguay 3-0 (1-0) Round of 16 MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Argentina England 2-1 (0-0) Quarter-final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
ENGLAND P 9 W 4 D 1 L 4
in Mexico P 9 W 4 D 1 L 4
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Canada France 0-1 (0-0) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio León
1986 France Soviet Union 1-1 (0-0) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio León
1986 Hungary France 0-3 (0-1) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio León
1986 Italy France 0-2 (0-1) Round of 16 MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Olímpico 
Universitario
1986 Brazil France 1-1 AET (1-1, 1-1) 
3-4 PSO Quarter-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 France Germany FR 0-2 (0-1) Semi-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 France Belgium 4-2 AET (2-2, 2-1) Match for 
third place PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
FRANCE P 7 W 4 D 2 L 1
in Mexico P 7 W 4 D 2 L 1
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
202
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 Germany FR Morocco 2-1 (0-1) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1970 Germany FR Bulgaria 5-2 (2-1) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1970 Germany FR Peru 3-1 (3-1) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1970 Germany FR England 3-2 AET 
(2-2, 0-1) Quarter-final LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio León
1970 Italy Germany FR 4-3 AET 
(1-1, 1-0) Semi-final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Germany FR Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) Match for 
third place MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Uruguay Germany FR 1-1 (1-0) Group stage QUERETARO (MEX) Estadio La 
Corregidora
1986 Germany FR Scotland 2-1 (1-1) Group stage QUERETARO (MEX) Estadio La 
Corregidora
1986 Denmark Germany FR 2-0 (1-0) Group stage QUERETARO (MEX) Estadio La 
Corregidora
1986 Morocco Germany FR 0-1 (0-0) Round of 16 SAN NICOLAS DE LOS 
GARZA (MEX)
Estadio 
Universitario
1986 Germany FR Mexico 0-0 AET 
4-1 PSO Quarter-final SAN NICOLAS DE LOS GARZA (MEX)
Estadio 
Universitario
1986 France Germany FR 0-2 (0-1) Semi-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Argentina Germany FR 3-2 (1-0) Final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1994 Germany Bolivia 1-0 (0-0) Group stage CHICAGO (USA) Soldier Field
1994 Germany Spain 1-1 (0-1) Group stage CHICAGO (USA) Soldier Field
1994 Germany Korea Republic 3-2 (3-0) Group stage DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
1994 Germany Belgium 3-2 (3-1) Round of 16 CHICAGO (USA) Soldier Field
1994 Bulgaria Germany 2-1 (0-0) Quarter-final NEW YORK/NEW 
JERSEY (USA) Giants Stadium
GERMANY P 18 W 11 D 3 L 4
in Mexico P 13 W 8 D 2 L 3
in USA P 5 W 3 D 1 L 1
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
203
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Argentina Korea 
Republic 3-1 (2-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Olímpico Universitario
1986 Korea 
Republic Bulgaria 1-1 (0-1) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Olímpico Universitario
1986 Korea 
Republic Italy 2-3 (0-1) Group stage PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
1994 Spain Korea 
Republic 2-2 (0-0) Group stage DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
1994 Korea 
Republic Bolivia 0-0 Group stage BOSTON (USA) Foxboro Stadium
1994 Germany Korea 
Republic 3-2 (3-0) Group stage DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
KOREA REPUBLIC P 6 W 0 D 3 L 3
in Mexico P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2
in USA P 3 W 0 D 2 L 1
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 Mexico Soviet Union 0-0 Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Mexico El Salvador 4-0 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Mexico Belgium 1-0 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Italy Mexico 4-1 (1-1) Quarter-final TOLUCA (MEX) Estadio Toluca
1986 Belgium Mexico 1-2 (1-2) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Mexico Paraguay 1-1 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Iraq Mexico 0-1 (0-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Mexico Bulgaria 2-0 (1-0) Round of 16 MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Germany FR Mexico 0-0 AET 
4-1 PSO Quarter-final SAN NICOLAS DE LOS GARZA (MEX)
Estadio 
Universitario
1994 Norway Mexico 1-0 (0-0) Group stage WASHINGTON DC 
(USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Mexico Republic of 
Ireland 2-1 (1-0) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Italy Mexico 1-1 (0-0) Group stage WASHINGTON DC 
(USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Mexico Bulgaria
1-1 AET 
(1-1, 1-1) 
1-3 PSO
Round of 16 NEW YORK/NEW 
JERSEY (USA) Giants Stadium
MEXICO P 13 W 6 D 5 L 2
in Mexico P 9 W 5 D 3 L 1
in USA P 4 W 1 D 2 L 1
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
204
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 Germany FR Morocco 2-1 (0-1) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1970 Peru Morocco 3-0 (0-0) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1970 Bulgaria Morocco 1-1 (1-0) Group stage LEON (MEX) Nou Camp - Estadio 
León
1986 Morocco Poland 0-0 Group stage SAN NICOLAS DE LOS 
GARZA (MEX)
Estadio 
Universitario
1986 England Morocco 0-0 Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
1986 Portugal Morocco 1-3 (0-2) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Tres de Marzo
1986 Morocco Germany FR 0-1 (0-0) Round of 16 SAN NICOLAS DE LOS 
GARZA (MEX)
Estadio 
Universitario
1994 Belgium Morocco 1-0 (1-0) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Saudi Arabia Morocco 2-1 (2-1) Group stage NEW YORK/NEW 
JERSEY (USA) Giants Stadium
1994 Morocco Netherlands 1-2 (0-1) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
MOROCCO P 10 W 1 D 3 L 6
in Mexico P 7 W 1 D 3 L 3
in USA P 3 W 0 D 0 L 3
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1994 Netherlands Saudi Arabia 2-1 (0-1) Group stage WASHINGTON DC 
(USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Belgium Netherlands 1-0 (0-0) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Morocco Netherlands 1-2 (0-1) Group stage ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Netherlands Republic of 
Ireland 2-0 (2-0) Round of 16 ORLANDO (USA) Citrus Bowl
1994 Netherlands Brazil 2-3 (0-0) Quarter-final DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
NETHERLANDS P 5 W 3 D 0 L 2
in USA P 5 W 3 D 0 L 2
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1994 Norway Mexico 1-0 (0-0) Group stage WASHINGTON DC 
(USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Italy Norway 1-0 (0-0) Group stage NEW YORK/NEW 
JERSEY (USA) Giants Stadium
1994 Republic of 
Ireland Norway 0-0 Group stage NEW YORK/NEW JERSEY (USA) Giants Stadium
NORWAY P 3 W 1 D 1 L 1
in USA P 3 W 1 D 1 L 1
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
205
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Paraguay Iraq 1-0 (1-0) Group stage TOLUCA (MEX) Estadio Toluca
1986 Mexico Paraguay 1-1 (1-0) Group stage MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1986 Paraguay Belgium 2-2 (0-1) Group stage TOLUCA (MEX) Estadio Toluca
1986 England Paraguay 3-0 (1-0) Round of 16 MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
PARAGUAY P 4 W 1 D 2 L 1
in Mexico P 4 W 1 D 2 L 1
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1994 Saudi Arabia Sweden 1-3 (0-1) Round of 16 DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
1994 Saudi Arabia Morocco 2-1 (2-1) Group stage NEW YORK/NEW JERSEY (USA) Giants Stadium
1994 Netherlands Saudi Arabia 2-1 (0-1) Group stage WASHINGTON DC (USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Belgium Saudi Arabia 0-1 (0-1) Group stage WASHINGTON DC (USA) RFK Stadium
SAUDI ARABIA P 4 W 2 D 0 L 2
in USA P 4 W 2 D 0 L 2
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Portugal England 1-0 (0-0) Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
1986 Poland Portugal 1-0 (0-0) Group stage SAN NICOLAS DE LOS 
GARZA (MEX) Estadio Universitario
1986 Portugal Morocco 1-3 (0-2) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Tres de Marzo
PORTUGAL P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2
in Mexico P 3 W 1 D 0 L 2
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Scotland Denmark 0-1 (0-0) Group stage NEZAHUALCOYOTL (MEX) Neza
1986 Germany FR Scotland 2-1 (1-1) Group stage QUERETARO (MEX) Estadio La Corregidora
1986 Scotland Uruguay 0-0 Group stage NEZAHUALCOYOTL (MEX) Neza
SCOTLAND P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2
in Mexico P 3 W 0 D 1 L 2
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
206
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1986 Spain Brazil 0-1 (0-0) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1986 Northern 
Ireland Spain 1-2 (0-2) Group stage GUADALAJARA (MEX) Tres de Marzo
1986 Algeria Spain 0-3 (0-1) Group stage MONTERREY (MEX) Tecnologico
1986 Denmark Spain 1-5 (1-1) Round of 16 QUERETARO (MEX) Estadio La Corregidora
1986 Spain Belgium
1-1 AET 
(1-1, 0-1) 
4-5 PSO
Quarter-final PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
1994 Spain Korea Republic 2-2 (0-0) Group stage DALLAS (USA) Cotton Bowl
1994 Germany Spain 1-1 (0-1) Group stage CHICAGO (USA) Soldier Field
1994 Bolivia Spain 1-3 (0-1) Group stage CHICAGO (USA) Soldier Field
1994 Spain Switzerland 3-0 (1-0) Round of 16 WASHINGTON DC (USA) RFK Stadium
1994 Italy Spain 2-1 (1-0) Quarter-final BOSTON (USA) Foxboro Stadium
SPAIN P 10 W 5 D 3 L 2
in Mexico P 5 W 3 D 1 L 1
in USA P 5 W 2 D 2 L 1
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1994 USA Switzerland 1-1 (1-1) Group stage DETROIT (USA) Pontiac Silverdome
1994 Romania Switzerland 1-4 (1-1) Group stage DETROIT (USA) Pontiac Silverdome
1994 Switzerland Colombia 0-2 (0-1) Group stage SAN FRANCISCO 
(USA) Stanford Stadium
1994 Spain Switzerland 3-0 (1-0) Round of 16 WASHINGTON DC 
(USA) RFK Stadium
SWITZERLAND P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2
in USA P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
207
FIFA World Cup 2026™️ | Final Draw Stat Kit
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1970 Brazil Uruguay 3-1 (1-1) Semi-final GUADALAJARA (MEX) Estadio Jalisco
1970 Uruguay Soviet Union 1-0 AET Quarter-final MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Germany FR Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) Match for 
third place MEXICO CITY (MEX) Estadio Azteca
1970 Uruguay Israel 2-0 (1-0) Group stage PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
1970 Uruguay Italy 0-0 Group stage PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
1970 Sweden Uruguay 1-0 (0-0) Group stage PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
1986 Uruguay Germany FR 1-1 (1-0) Group stage QUERETARO (MEX) Estadio La Corregidora
1986 Denmark Uruguay 6-1 (2-1) Group stage NEZAHUALCOYOTL (MEX) Neza
1986 Scotland Uruguay 0-0 Group stage NEZAHUALCOYOTL (MEX) Neza
1986 Argentina Uruguay 1-0 (1-0) Round of 16 PUEBLA (MEX) Estadio Cuauhtemoc
URUGUAY P 10 W 2 D 3 L 5
in Mexico P 10 W 2 D 3 L 5
PREVIOUS FWC
MATCHES IN MEX/USA
Edition Team A Team B Result Round City (Country) Venue
1994 USA Switzerland 1-1 (1-1) Group stage DETROIT (USA) Pontiac Silverdome
1994 USA Colombia 2-1 (1-0) Group stage PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
1994 USA Romania 0-1 (0-1) Group stage PASADENA (USA) Rose Bowl
1994 Brazil USA 1-0 (0-0) Round of 16 SAN FRANCISCO (USA) Stanford Stadium
USA P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2
in USA P 4 W 1 D 1 L 2
Matches that are settled by penalty shoot-out are considered draws
FIFAWORLD CUP

y 26

——

9 FINAL DRAW

